
                   The book is helpful for studying for the exams. The exams were difficult.
                
                   Dr. Barbee is very knowledgeable and I gained a lot of insight on the topics discussed, especially when he connected the subjects with his own professional experiences. I like the detailed, informational lecture style and the PowerPoint visuals. I learned so much.
                
                   Occupational Health & Safety:  good course, certainly useful for students going into the Environmental Science field. Can make one quite marketable.
                
                   Hopefully students will gain from the challenge of this class and not try to dumb-it-down with superficial time consuming classroom "activities".  It is disheartening to hear some students say they thought this would be an easy class - I'd rather further my knowledge than to waste my time. For me, this class was time well spent.
                
                   Occupational Health and Safety course.  Excellent instructor, communicates clearly and effectively. Will make time to assist if we have questions!
                
                   The professor was helpful if there were problems. I like how he understands that improvement is the most important. He was understanding if the entire class didn't understand a certain concept. Overall, I enjoyed the instructor and would take another course with him.
                
                   I really enjoyed learning the content of this course. I really like that it will help me when I become a teacher.
                
                   The lectures are long and boring. He does not give your grades back in a reasonable amount of time. The tests are hard and poorly written. 
                
                   If you've taken just one of his classes (doesn't matter which one) you don't ever have to take any more because no matter what the name of the class is.... you will be learning toxicology. 
                
                   Very clear instructions.  Not an extremely harsh grader.  Enjoyed this class.  He is a walking data base!
                
                   Dr. Fox is an awesome professor. Take him! :)
                
                   Dr. Fox has been the backbone of the environmental science program for a long time.  He genuinely cares about students and he practices what he preaches.  Yes, he is prone to tangents and somewhat off-topic jargon, but he has a ton of real world experience to offer.  He expects you to do your part in class, even if it seems easy on occasion.
                
                   If you want an easy A take ENVS courses!  Dr. Fox is a nice guy but really isnt a university-level instructor. Rambles alot and seems incoherent at times.  Not even sure I learned anything, but it is an easy A if you can stand to sit thru the class.
                
                   great professor would take him for any class.  ther is always a 10pg paper but it's not trouble for a college person.  Great guy.
                
                   Professor is VERY laid back. He is there to help, but he does seem to expect you to do your part. He's pretty good at breaking down concepts.
                
                   Dr. Fox is a bad ass!! He's always there to help when you need him and he loves all of his students. Everyone should have a class with Dr. Fox
                
                   Dr. Fox is an extremely helpful professor.  He is always willing to listen and explain things.  He has a great sense of humor; just call him &quot;Coach&quot;  Read, take notes, and speak up in class discussion and you will do fine.
                
                   boring lectures, semi-easy tests, 10 page paper
                
                   Study, take notes, and don't be afriad to ask for help. Very friendly guy who does not belittle his students and treats them as equals. He still expects you to give an honest effort though, so do it!
                
                   Lot's of elaboration in lecture but critical of your test answers.
                
                   Easy professor, difficult to understand thou.
                
                   Easy. Watched netflix in class, and passed
                
                   Great Teacher had him for Climate and Oceanogrophy!
                
                   He actually is a nice teacher, but sometimes it is hard to understand him. You can learn from reading the power points that he posts online, instead of going to class. His tests often don't make sense, multiple answers are right, you just have to pick which is better. Gets frustrated when people only show up on test day.
                
                   After reading many of the comments on this site in relation to other professors, please, consider, these are very unprofessional opinions. Some students cannot separate their personal incompatabililities from bad teaching. That said,learning is up to each and every student, not the teacher. The teacher is a facilitator.
                
                   Not the best teacher because he does not teach, he reads from slides pretty much. No reviews, anything in the book can be on exam so read everything and know everything. Dont bother asking for extra credit. had 2 quizzes, 2 exams and a paper. fair grader, and helpful when ask questions. BRING COFFEE TO LECTURE.
                
                   I've taken Oceanography and Climate & Climate Variability with him. He drives me crazy--he's SO boring, doesn't teach anything you can't learn in the books and his tests are so ambiguous it's awful. I'm usually a straight A student, but his tests just confuse me. Don't take him if you don't want to die of boredom.
                
                   He teaches 1401 too and it is exactly the same course materical in both classes, except you have to write a paper in 1402.  The lab is even the exact same.  You could just read the text book or the notes and pass the test, you do not actually have to go to class.  Puts all the lecture notes on WebCT.
                
                   Quality professor. Clear and Precise. Very much interactive in the class. Highly recommend
                
                   This class is ridiculous when it comes to sheer workload, mostly in the lab section. The tests are the same, cramming about 5 chapters into one exam rather than spacing the material into smaller exams. This class is easy to screw up if you're taking a full course load. Also, fair warning that there is a group project or three.
                
                   Didn't crack open the textbook once, although this subject is what I am majoring in. She put me to sleep twice but is a really nice lady, gives pop quizzes, and grades fairly easily. 
                
                   This class is very difficult if you aren't interested in the subject. Great teacher just hard to keep my attention.
                
                   I liked her. She loves the topics and I learned alot. I didn't read much of the book and still did good in the class.
                
                   I was very excited to take this class, but it ended up being a class I read through. Professor is very straight forward and easy to understand. She has great energy and is pretty laid back. If the subject matter is new to you then flip through the PowerPoints and listen in class and you're good to go :)Lab was easy enough too!
                
                   This class is so boring.  She reads word for word from PowerPoint.  The only thing that made me go to her class was the pop quizzes.  It's an easy subject but her tests require reading the book.
                
                   Love his class... he makes it interesting and fun.  Good class and the book is decent.  Open book and note tests, but have found that either you know it or you don't.  Lectures cover all the material that will be on exams and the questions are straight forward. Lab is not difficult and helps apply what is learned in class.
                
                   Very good instructor! He wants you to do well, and he makes the class interesting. His labs are awesome! Attendance and participation was full credit, so you learn without the grading barrier that discourages education. I learned a significant amount of material in this class.
                
                   Great professor! You do have to study for the exams, but the class is very interesting, which makes it easy.
                
                   He gives you all the information that you need to get an A and he is a lot of fun.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Class isn't difficult, if you read and attend class. The book (electronic or hard copy) helps a ton on homework and exams. Dr. Smith gives thorough reviews for tests- don't miss review days, they are a big help as well. He likes to tell stories, and make jokes so beware if you don't have a light sense of humor. His lectures outline the material.
                
                   I loved Dr. Smith! His class was lecture, but if you skipped it didn't matter because the work was all online. He cracked silly jokes and you could tell he cared for his students. Very easy class.
                
                   Dr.Smith is a fun professor interesting professor. Attendance isn't mandatory but he gives bonus points when only a few people are in class. All of his assignments are online (even the tests)! So you can use the book, notes, and even Google. His class isn't hard you just have to read the book because his lectures don't cover test material.
                
                   He is a really interesting professor. He works very hard to keep the class intrigued, and, for me, succeeded. ALWAYS ATTEND CLASS! He is very spiteful, so on days that not many people are in class, he will give you bonus points on test. He also tells you about bonus assignments in class only. He will help if you attend his office hours.
                
                   Take him if you can! His first test is a little tricky but all his homework and tests are online. Read the chapters, take notes in class, and redo some homework assignments for each chapter to study, and you'll do fine! the only people suffering are the ones who don't put in enough effort. Open to ideas, interesting discussions!
                
                   He is a cool dude but he is not that good a explaining the material. Basically you will have to teach yourself the material or else you will be screwed. He does give extra credit so that is a good thing. His test are super difficult and are worded really weird so you will have to know what you are talking about to ensure that you pass.
                
                   He is a great person, and teacher but the way he teaches makes it very difficult to understand. Overall a great guy if you know what you're learning about.
                
                   Dr. Moretzsohn is a pretty good professor to take. His class is easy to follow and the SI instructors let you know the concepts that would be on the test. The first test I didn't study from the book and didn't do so well. The second test I only studied the book and got an A, so read your book!
                
                   A very helpful professor. He is extremely understanding and makes class interesting. He genuinely tries to help his students as much as he can.
                
                   If you don't read the book and attend SI sessions you will fail the course. His lectures are not helpful enough for you to pass any test or quiz.
                
                   He teaches my biology class and he is overall a nice person to talk to and he is very polite. But when it comes to teaching the material, it is very hard to get any useful information from him. I only go to class to get credit for that hour but other then that you are on your own with studying and learning different concepts and materials needed. 
                
                   SUPER EASY. Everything he discusses in class is online, you pretty much do not have to go at all as long as you read the power points online. The only thing is he has a quiz almost every week(pretty easy if you skim the bold words/key points in the book). Tests are fairly easy. Kind of boring lectures, would recommend this for an easy sci credit
                
                   He gives 3 exams in total. So it's super hard why because the exams are like 5 chapters each. Plus final 10 chapters =/.... So get ready!
                
                   Pretty easy, gives matching pop quizzes on powerpoint that are ridiculously easy if you read. Need to be there for the quizzes or your grade will drop significantly. Kinda monotone, so take your laptop and do other homework--at least you'll be there for the quiz if he gives one.
                
                   One of the best teachers I have ever had. He will bend over backwards to help you, whether its help with the homework or finding an internship.
                
                   HAZWOPER class. I personally found it really interesting. His powerpoints are the ones that come with the teacher materials for the book. Read the book, pay attention to the powerpoings, do hw, you are in good shape. There are a whole lot of acronyms to know, but they are easy. You end up with ICS-100, 200(ExCred), 700, and HAZWOPER certifications.
                
                   I have taken Jensen for a few classes, he is a great guy and is willing to help you in any way he can. There is alot of material but it was manageable.
                
                   I had him for environmental law. He skip classes a lot and send his son to give the lecture. Test are long and difficult. The day of the test he send a guy who works at his office to watch on students. He teaches from the power point which is really boring.
                
                   You will learn so much about Azerbaijan and Environmental Science's 100% employment rate after this class, it's not even funny.
                
                   Awesome. Great stories. Helps whenever he can.
                
                   Great stories.
                
                   Completely disorganized.  Last-minute planning.  Knows his stuff, but rambles in lecture, completely incomprehensible, finishes one incomplete sentence with another.  Heavy assignment load at the very end of the semester every time.
                
                   Great professor!  He really cares about Environmental Science and his students.  He will help anyone who asks.  Make sure you attend class, because most exam questions come from his lectures.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   He is a very kind and funny man. Actually the local weather man "Doppler Dave", and he knows it. That being said the class is interesting and worth taking.
                