
                   I love Professor Francis! He is an excellent professor. He is very constructive on grading his papers, which most do not do. He communicated deadlines well and had a very good syllabus. I would take him again in a heartbeat.
                
                   Good professor, workload manageable for working adult. Professor was very responsive.
                
                   Good professor,very helpful,very organized, very fair. Workload is manageable.
                
                   He is very clear and concise. I like that he gave very good feedback for paper. You had to write a rough draft, which he makes very constructive comments on. He wants his students to succeed. I highly recommend him.
                
                   Course consisted of weekly quizzes and a research paper.  All are fairly simple with minimal studying.  Plenty of opportunity for extra credit as well.  Will def recommend, and look to take him for other courses if possible.
                
                   Mr. Francis is very nice and helpful.  He will add points to your overall points (out of 1000) to help you go up to the next letter grade.  His assignments are not hard at all and the lab class is optional, but I suggest going to get the assignments out of the way and turned in and if you have any questions, just ask him there!
                
                   Professor Shipman was on spot!  He returned my emails quickly and was there to help any chance he got..  I would not only take his class again but recommend anyone looking at this post to take it.  This man is extremely helpful and helped me figure out questions on a Sunday night!!  Great professor, he is for sure In the right profession!!  TY Joe
                
                   Professor Shipman was on spot!  He returned my emails quickly and was there to help any chance he got..  I would not only take his class again but recommend anyone looking at this post to take it.  This man is extremely helpful and helped me figure out questions on a Sunday night!!  Great professor, he is for sure In the right profession!!
                
                   I really appreciated the online resources he put together for the course. The subject matter was relevant and easy to understand.   When I contacted him with questions, his response was quick and helpful. 
                
                   Students take his class. He response to your email right away. He's concern with his students. He wants everybody to pass. Luv him as a Professor 
                