
                   He's funny and will keep you awake and also he's very interesting and won't bore you!
                
                   Rebecca Conway is pretty knowledgeable with theater and uses her knowledge to help her students. She can have a dry sense of humor, so wasn't sure how to take her sometimes. Overall- good class; not too hard.
                
                   First of all, a warning: If you want this to be a cakewalk course, don't take it with this instructor. She assigns a lot of work and takes her time with grading. I had to wait a month for one assignment to be graded. Also, don't disturb her during her office hours; she was very unwelcoming to me and at least one other student (that I know of).
                
                   What can i say about mrs. conway. she is the ideal teacher no person would ever want! although i got a good grade out the class, she made it incredibly difficult. too much writing for a stupid theatre class; more writing than in my english class. nobody did the extra credit because NOBODY knew what the damn extra credit was. she doesnt listen also!
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Easy open book quizes almost every class meet. Mandatory theater production viewings. Group projects for tests.
                
                   Anne is so fun! She is very passionate about her work and makes class very interesting. If you enjoy theatre, this is the class for you. It will be a breeze. Be prepared for many group projects. Step out of your comfort zone in this class and you will breeze right through it!
                
                   GROUP PROJECTS. If you dont like em, dont take her class. Anne was a wonderful instructor. All you had to do was take some quizzes, write play reviews and do A LOT of projects.
                
                   Very energetic, lots of group projects, only a few online quizes and just a nice person
                
                   Easy A! Lectures are fun and easy to follow. I didn't go to class the 2nd half of the semester, due to medical reasons, and still got an A. Plays you have to read are unique and interesting (You don't have to read to pass, but it helps. Make sure you know the characters and anything important that happens.) Exams are multiple choice.
                
                   Stopped going to class after 1st exam (lectures are long & boring unless you are a theater major). Got an easy A! All you have to do is do the exam review before each exam & you will easily get an A! TAKE HER!! SHE IS AMAZING & ATTENDANCE IS NOT TAKING FOR A GRADE LIKE OTHER THAR 281 PROFESSORS! 
                
                   Dr. Ahlgren's That 281 class is the EASIEST class you'll ever take. She gives a review of whats on the test, and if you can fill out the review, you're good. I still went to class, but she posts the slides online. Tests are easy, and quizzes over plays are easier. Definitely recommend.
                
                   HE GRADES SO HARD AND THE EXAMS ARE BRUTAL
                
                   This was probably my favorite class of the semester. Don't forget your workout clothes because the first few weeks make you sweat a bit! Aaron is great at what he does! His grading policy is mostly based on participation/attendance so GO TO CLASS! Do your readings and WORK ON YOUR MONOLOGUES. This class isn't a joke, but it is so much fun!
                
                   There are not a lot of tests in this class. I never read the book.. I just took notes from his lectures & did pretty good on both tests. You can't skim your way through the class. It requires a lot of studying and time.
                
                   I loved this class. It was so much fun. The tests do require studying. If you don't read the book, you'll probably do poorly in the exam. The class constitutes of watching musicals and reading the textbook. Also, there's 2 exams, 4 assignments, and one group project. Very fun class!
                
                   Fun class. Tests are based off lectures mainly.. Not a class for an "easy A." You must work for your grade & study hard for his tests!!!
                
                   The quizzes are pop quizzes but expect them after you have plays to read. Reading the assigned plays and making As on the quizzes was the only way I passed with an A. I found the exams to be easy enough if you make sure you know everything pretty well on your notes; the questions come from your assigned reading and the lectures.
                
                   Lectures were interesting and kept the class entertained. Quizzes over plays are easy if you read (do not rely on sparknotes). Tests are easy but actually requires reviewing notes in detail. It is essential to write down everything he says in class. No notes are posted and the powerpoints are only pictures. No textbook used, just read plays. 
                
                   He made theater interesting with entertaining lectures. Tests are easy but actually requires reviewing notes in detail. Quizzes over plays are easy if you read (do not rely on sparknotes). It is essential to write down everything he says in class. No notes are posted and the powerpoints are only pictures. No textbook, only read plays. 
                
                   He loves his 386 class, there's only about 30 of us. I think he's more outgoing and funny in our class since we're a small group. On the other hand, he expects everyone to participate and wants to hear from the students. Lots of reading, so only take the class if you like musical theater. His lectures usually don't seem long, tests are hard. STUDY!
                
                   If you go to class and take good notes, you'll get an A. Glover is an awesome guy too. He's more actor than professor which lends to his very theatrical lectures. The tests are easy if you take notes and study the different eras of theatre closely. There are quizzes every week on the different plays you have to read but they're easy if you read.
                
                   He is sooooo funny, but you have to work for your grade. Fun class though!
                
                   He left me at an 89.4 and gave me a B, despite the fact that he "misplaced" one of my quizzes. If you are going for an easy A, he is not the prof for it. You have to read a lot and studying is mandatory for his tests. The course material is easy but there are definitely easier professors.
                
                   Glover is a good professor that will teach you about Theatre, if thats what you care about.  Its easy to get an A, but you have to go to class pretty much every day.  His quizzes are scantron, and over the plays.  The tests are over the class discussions.  If you want an easier professor, take Miller.
                
                   These last few comments are inaccurate. I just took his course and SparkNotes will not be sufficient for the weekly quizzes over plays. I read SparkNotes prior to each class and there were several q's that weren't covered on SparkNotes. He can be kind of rude & strict sometimes. Make-up exams are different and harder. ex: 3 open-ended response q's.
                
                   Glover is awesome, funny, and interesting. The class is the equivalent of an 8th grade English class. As long as you take some notes in class, and sparknote the plays, you will get an A with minimal effort.
                
                   very easy and nice!
                
                   Loved Professor Glover. The class was EXTREMELY easy and he makes it interesting. I don't remember a single day that we didn't get out of class at least 20 min early. As long as you study hard for the exams, an A is inevitable. There is also extra credit opportunity, and you don't need to buy the book.
                
                   Go to class, pay attention, do your review, it's an easy A. Her lectures are pretty interesting and often funny.
                
                   Test's are tricky. Many true or false questions that you have to carefully read. No book, tests based off of lectures & short books.
                
                   This class can definitely be an easy A... if you go. I never went and ended up with a B because her tests are basically directly from lectures. Otherwise, she doesn't take attendance and the only grades are 4 tests. There isn't a final, and you can go see a play and get 50 points of extra credit. Not a super blow off class, she doesn't curve.
                
                   If you go to class and take OK notes (which isn't hard to do at all--she's hilarious and typically emphasizes what's important), then you should easily get an A. Extra credit is easy and helpful (just attend a play) and she's very passionate about the subject. Would definitely take again!
                
                   Entertaining professor but I definitely had to work to get an A. Tests are really tricky and you have to really read through each question. Attendance isn't taken but make sure you go to class because her lectures are what's on the exams, not the powerpoint information. 4 tests and you can go to a play for extra credit.
                
                   She gives funny, detailed lectures, posts a review, and does a Q&A the class-day before tests. Mostly, the review hilights important topics from the lectures and it is pretty helpful! My only complaint is that she slowly stopped repeating herself as often in lectures which made it difficult to take good notes - helps 2have a partner2 compare notes 
                
                   Tests don't really cover what's covered in the textbook or what's gone over in lecture. Basically going to class actually does nothing to improve your grade. The only grades in the book are your 4 tests plus the 50 extra points for going to a play.
                
                   One of my favorite professors. Wildly intelligent and passionate and create. Love discussing theater with her. Have taken several classes with her, and wish I could take more.   She is an easy grader, you can scrap by with barely doing any work HOWEVER you will probably love Amy and be so inspired by her that you will WANT to do the work.
                
                   Really funny and interactive in class! Easy if you go to class buuuut its easy to skip unless you're a theatre major haha.
                
                   She definitely loves what she teaches and knows everything about it but the test are really tricky.  If you need to take this class and you are not a theatre major then take the other teacher it will be much easier and you will not even have to show up to class.
                
                   She's fun and interesting, but her tests are tricky. They're true/false for a large portion and you have to compare/contrast playwrights and performance elements for different time periods in very detailed fashions. Take Quackenbush instead.
                
                   I really enjoyed Professor Guerin's class, she's really funny! We had four tests that weren't cumulative. She gives a review that you fill out and then ask questions on review day. Although attendance isn't mandatory, I strongly recommend you go because that's where all of the test questions come from. She had us buy a book that I did not use once.
                
                   She was not a helpful teacher. When I went to her to ask for help she told me to set up a study group. The class itself isn't terribly hard, but the material is pretty dull and some of her tests were tricky. You don't need the textbook as long as you go to class. Overall, I don't recommend her.
                
                   Easy class.  You dont need to by the $75 book.  Got an 89, said the grade was non-negotiable, even though I took a test that as graded subjectively based on her opinion.  Also, no extra credit.  My leatst favorite elective taken at A&M, Im just not a theater person at all.  Hoped the class would change my mind- sure didnt.
                
                   You don't need the book at all, save your money. Attend class because her lectures are the answers. Her tests are fairly easy, it's just the T or F that will get ya. READ THE PLAYS. The ?'s on the test are detailed from the plays. She's makes class fun! She's funny!
                
                   She's not the most amazing teacher out there, but non the less, she's a solid teacher, funny at times, covers what's on the tests in lecture.
                
                   All your quizzes and tests are online. She has reviews for all her tests and encourages you to use your notes to take them. I enjoyed her lectures. There is no reason not to take her and to also get an A!
                
                   She has been my favorite professor in college thus far.  She cancels class pretty often and her lectures are very interesting.  Make sure to go to class because she gave extra credit points on random days. As long as you do all your online work, you can get an easy A.
                
                   Everything that is for a grade is online, gives bonus,and she has all her notes online. If you do all the work you will get an A .
                
                   Everything you need is online and you do not have to go to class. I never went to class and did just fine. All the answers for quizzes and study guides are one study blue or quizlet. I would take her again she was very easy!!
                
                   Professor Miller was easily one of my favorite professors this semester. She doesn't take attendance but I genuinely enjoyed all her lectures and if you go, you will have no problems on the tests. Just make sure to do the weekly quizzes/ watch the plays she assigns and you'll get an A for sure, would recommend her to anyone, she is HILARIOUS.
                
                   Everything is online. Tests, quizzes, literally every single thing. Test reviews are the exact tests. Going to lecture isn't necessary but I always went. It a pretty interesting course and the videos she shows definitely help with clarity of the material. Professor Miller is super cool. The only way you won't get an A is if you don't try at all
                
                   All of the tests and quizzes are online. Most of them can be found on study blue or quizlet.
                
                   She is a great prof! Yes the class is a lot of work and writing but she gave very useful feedback and was always there to help! Highly recommend her for any THAR class! 
                
                   This is considered a hard class in the department, but I found that if I did the work I got all A's.     DO NOT WRITE HER PAPERS THE NIGHT BEFORE.  You will be sorry.  A whole group of students in my class did this and they struggled all year long.    I really enjoyed the class, do speak up in discussions and put in the effort.
                
                   Literally only went to class on test days. All grades are for tests or quizes on Ecampus. Gives EC for short essay after attending a play. Tests straight from reviews. Everything you need to get an A is online.
                
                   Extremely easy. Tests are straight from the review and online quizzes. No final exam. I went to class about 7 times all semester and got a B
                
                   She's a great teacher and pretty funny! All her tests mirror the review she makes so study that and make an A.  And it's not really vital to go to class, but it's good to because of the videos she presents to help you better understand it. I'd definitely recommend her! :)
                
                   She was so funny and interesting! Of course, she's a theater teacher so I guess thats not very surprising. Her tests were easy and straight from the lecture slides. Class attendance isnt really vital, because I only went half the time and did well on all of the tests. The reading quizzes are also super easy. I would definitely reccomend taking her!
                
                   Not the Prof to take if you want an Easy A.
                
                   Awesome teacher! So fun and easy to learn from. Made theatre history exciting!
                
                   If you're looking for an easy 3hr class, TAKE MILLER. Tests were all online, classes were cancelled a couple of times. Don't forget to take the quizzes over the plays!!!!!!!!!!!! The only reason I didn't get an A is because I forgot to take a couple of the play quizzes. EASY CLASS.
                
                   Pretty easy class! Quizzes and tests were always online. The lectures were fairly interesting and I didn't skip class. Extra credit is offered if you go see a play in the area. Pretty fun!
                
                   Such an interesting class! Professor Miller is hilarious and makes class fun! His tests were pretty easy, just like the reviews. You should take this class!
                
                   Fun and easy course to take. Would definetly recommend it. 
                
                   Its really easy and answer are on study blue for basically anything
                
                   This is an easy A class. The exams and quizzes are online. She cancels class a lot so if you are interested in THAR you may not like her class, but if you want an easy A then this class is for you. 
                
                   Quackenbush is such a fun professor.  She loves what she does, and she really cares about her students.  Her tests are fairly easy, but definitely look at the study guide before taking them.  Tests and quizzes are online.  Attendance is part of your grade, but she rarely takes attendance.
                
                   Class was cancelled probably 60% of the time. All tests and assignments are online. You will need the interactive book to do the quizzes she gives. Attendance was not taken everyday, but randomly she'll take it so it's good to show up anyways. Overall, super easy class and probably the easiest A you'll ever get.
                
                   Quackenbush is the best- she's into what she's teaching and keeps you awake in class. Also cancels class about once a week. Pretty easy course, open note tests, online hw due about twice a month. Uses an iClicker for attendance but if you do the homework and don't suck on the tests, you can make an A and never come to class
                
                   She's amazing. You hardly ever have to do anything for this class. Attendance is mandatory now with iclickers (she takes 3 points off the attendance portion of your grade for every unexcused absence)  but that's not a big deal since she cancels class A LOT. She gives practice tests online beforehand & those questions are on the actual test.
                
                   I thought this would be an easy A, but she cancels class half the time (i guess this could be a benefit?) but you never know whats going to be on the test because you're never in class. We didn't get our textbooks in until a week before the first test and our first test average was lower than any average in every other first test I've had thus far.
                
                   She must have changed since the old reviews here. Attendance is mandatory or you get 3 points deducted out of 100 every time you miss (needs iclicker). Book is $300 and hard to find. Exam is 100 questions long. Plays some really annoying music 5 minutes before class (I know this is world theatre, but don't force it)
                
                   The class was fairly easy. You have to attend one play and write a 350 word essay.... not hard. The test were based off of study guides that were almost word for word so it was mostly just memorization.
                
                   This was the best class ever because you don't have to go! And when you do go, you watch movies. The first test was somewhat hard if you don't have a book, but the other 2 or 3 were exactly like the review. Take this class if you want to boost your GPA
                
                   Super easy class! The reviews are the same as the exams
                
                   Went to the class rarely, not because it wasn't interesting but because I had better things to do. Not necessary to go to class at all, still got an A not going. She is pretty funny and quirky
                
                   Her class was fairly boring just because of the content, but she's funny and upbeat so it isn't unbearable.  Watching videos and taking quizzes outside of class is time-consuming, but her tests are easy and are straight off the notes.  Easy blow-off class.
                
                   Quackenbush is not a good teacher. She refuses to elaborate on points, and the tests are totally irrelevant to the material, so her study guides are useless.
                
                   Easy class. Class gets cancelled on a regular basis and studying for an hour before the test will get you at least a high B on the tests.
                
                   Only 3 tests, no final. Don't really need to attend class, just memorize the highlighted stuff on the test reviews (the stuff that'll be on the test). Have to watch &quot;out of class&quot; movies and take a quiz. Not unbearable but pretty boring.
                
                   She is very nice. She takes the theater very seriously and expects you to do the same.  Attendence is very important to her and as long as you pay attention and skim the readings you should do fine.
                
                   An amazing teacher with a passion for life and theatre.  She pushes you to do your best.  If you like theater, this is the class for you!  The assignments seemed like busywork but then they started to make sense.  It's college people - expect to work hard.  It isn't high school and Ms. Banister treats it like a real class.  Thanks!!!!!
                
                   God's sake!  Needs to figure some things out hardcore.
                
                   She gave me an 89 and i was there everyday!
                
                   This is a professor you can trust. She has the ability to keep you focused on your art. Very pleasant and elegant lady. A spark of energy even when shes having a bad day. Kudos to her!
                
                   If you like theatre you will probably lover her, but for those of you taking the class for the fine arts requirement WILL NOT like her to well. Gives out alot of busy work, and is very random in class. She also seems to think that his is an upper level english class.Just calm down some and chill out
                
                   Thinks she's teaching an English class instead of a thatre course. Gives out too much busywork.
                
                   Class was not the class as presented in the catalogue. Gives out too much work for an acting class. Thinks she's British when in reality she's from small east Texas town. A total idiot.
                
                   Very pretentious and self absorbed
                
                   Shes all about trying to save the theater and she wants you to experience some for yourself. Way to much pointless work but the classes wiz by if you dont listen to her opinion of theater. She thinks shes a great thesbian but then again she says we shouldnt listen to Plato...Shes decent looking
                
                   This lady gives out hundreds of assignments that are all worth 1-2 points. She has forgoten that she is a theatre teacher and pretends that she actually teaches a graduate level english course. She loves theatre and if you do to this would be a good class. other than that bring your pillow to class.
                
                   An insightful delight who isn't afraid to call you on a load of BS.  If you fail or do poorly, then it is your own fault, as she is willing to do all she can to help you.
                
                   Anne is awesome.  But this is her last year to teach, so take her class if you can.
                
                   Professor Bomar has a lot of busy work but the class is not hard. For an online class, I actually enjoyed it. The discussion questions are easy, but she grades the 4 reports very strict. She gives you all the help you need to get a good grade. She does care a lot about her students.
                
                   Instructor is so-so--waste of time.
                
                   Anne is the nicest teacher. She's strict and as long as you aren't disrespectful you'll get along with her. Her muscial theatre class is lecture based and you get to watch musicals and operas instead of just hearing about them. Great experience!
                
                   She is very energetic when she teaches, as long as homework is done, a good grade will be given.
                
                   An amazing instructor-an amazing friend-I highly recommend her classes!
                
                   Awesome class...Really worth taking her.
                
                   Awesome prof and great lady!
                
                   Just show up and it's a A
                
                   She'll help you out in any way she can you just have to ask.  As for the class it isn't hard if you show up.
                
                   You missed a good man.  He was very good at his job and he expected a lot form his students, but he was willing to help them out with what ever they needed.
                
                   super!
                
                   Kay passed away this last semester. He was a good guy who was very passionate about his subject. He taught students who wanted to learn and forgot about the rest. He was the closest thing we had to greetness. God bless you Kay!
                
                   Very difficult, largely because of his lack of clarity.
                
                   I had Dr. Kay some years ago.  At that time an amazing classroom instructor.  Engaged, interested, involved, passionate.  My opinion of him as a theatre practitioner left something to be desired.  All in all, still a 10 as a prof.
                
                   he has a hard time talking, so sometimes things are left unclear.  worst part was taking away creative rights b/c it wasn't like he wanted it.  nice guy though and i think everyone should work with him at least once.
                
                   Eric Kildow prefers to be called by his last name, no "mister". He's very easy to talk to and clearly passionate about the arts. He's politically correct and still lots of fun. I learned a ton in his class but he moved to Ohio so I hope his new students will read this and go meet this awesome professor.
                
                   This is the worst class ever. This professor is not only hard to understand, he also does not grade fairly. He will stumble to make sentences and leave you puzzled. If you want to fail take this guy.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   A wealth of knowledge and enthusiasm for teaching and the theatre.  Will always help students any way he can.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Dr. Lile's classes weren't always on track, but he was a great teacher
                
                   If you're going to take Intro to Theatre I would highly recomend Dr. Lile.  It's a very easy class as long as you pay attention and show up and he's very easy to get along with.
                
                   The only down fall to this class is it is traditionally an eight o'clock class, but other than that It's a great class.
                
                   What a nice guy. Has a good sense of humor. Respectable. Passionate about his work. Easy to get along with. Take the class, it's fun. Not hard to get an &quot;A&quot; in.
                
                   Can't stand the class.  She posts hour long lecture videos of her READING A POWERPOINT.  She gives you the powerpoint.  Why watch the lectures? Easy class just tedious and easy to forget when assignments are due especially since she makes them do at 10:00 instead of midnight.  
                
                   Good class.
                
                   She will do all that she can to make you understand. You have to go to class though. Skipping class is the easiest way to fail.
                
                   I loved this class! DO NOT PROCRASTINATE. Everything is so much easier if you don't wait till the last minute to do something. If you need help, then ask for it! She takes roll so get to class. Thanks to Rosa I am really looking into pursuing more classes in costume!
                
                   Costume Design is an upper level class that while required for some theatre majors, is mainly an optional upper level elective. While you are expected to do a lot of work, in the end it pays off. If you have an interest in costumes or even fashion, this class is highly recommended. Rosa knows what she's talking about, and you WILL learn a lot.
                
                   A fantastic professor! Rosa expects a lot out of her students, but in the end, you will leave her class with some very useful skills. She's extremely helpful, and will answer any questions or show you what needs to be done with projects. Even if you aren't a theatre major, this class is HIGHLY recommended.
                
                   Acting 1 class isn't hard at all, show up, attempt to act scenes  grade. Attendance is how you get grades. If you're not there you hurt your grade and any partners you may have the 2nd half of the semester when you work with partner(s).  It's sadly not the best place to be if you want further you stage acting abilities. Class was over film acting.
                
                   Nice proffesor easy to work with.  Must go to class just to get attendance grade, but he helps you a lot on essay homework so that they are really easy and basic. midterm and final are both supper easy.  easy class just attend and turn in papers and you'll get a A no problem, most the time you don't even need to pay attention that much
                
                   Overall a great teacher. Easy, easy class. You do have writing assignments so write what you think he wants to hear. The only bad thing is that he forgets things which can be bad, really bad.
                
                   Stay away very opinionated and biased!!!!!!!  He looks like &quot;tom cruise&quot; like obama looks like bush
                
                   This teacher is amazing, he keeps class super interesting. He does take attendence daily which sucks cause it's a lecture hall but other than that this class is a super easy A, just do the work (which is limited) it's a lot of essays but he grades easy and he always does under 2 pages
                
                   Great prof!!! Very understanding, especially when you get nervous easily like me. Very enthusiastic when explaining concepts. Always finds ways to help you improve and makes you a better speaker. Don't take class during summer unless its your only class cause it goes really fast, a speech every week along with quizzes!! I learned the hard way.
                
                   This is the absolute BEST teacher I have had in TAMUCC! Took him for speech! He is very enthusiastic! He will teach you how to do it the right way, and won't let you get away with mistakes! He will almost always find ways to improve your speech! Great Professor!
                
                   Awesome guy! Basically you watch plays and write on them. Sometimes plays are shown in class, but some are seen at the theatre on campus, which costs money. The midterm is easy and he gave us a take-home final. In short, easy class! If you need to bump up your grade while needing to take an arts appreciation course at the same time, take him!
                
                   He is not a nice person and it shows in his bias towards certain students.  He is very unprofessional, and the plays that he directs and make you attend are not very good.  I would not recommend him to anyone and I hope that the University has the good sense to let him go.
                
                   Very interesting class.  Luna is very knowledgeable and a great instructor.  Firm but fair.  If you get a poor grade it's on you.  He gives great expectations, a man of his word
                
                   One of the easiest classes I have taken.  You basically watch movies of plays and write a short paper on them.  You do have to go to two productions on campus, but you get a discount because you are a student.  Test are exactly like the review.
                
                   I took this class in the summer, and i knew a lot of people taking speech at the same time. he is much more into his job, not in a good way unless you really love speech. You use the textbook daily, test are easy but he grades hard on the speeches, He is also really biased, I think. i did not really respect him as a teacher or a person.
                
                   easy!! easy!! easy!! the only part that sucks is having to watch plays (takes $$ outta your pocket) but other than that, he only gave 2 exams all semester and he told you wat exactly to go over. the final was 50 questions and they were ALL matching so it was pretty easy. this course is an easy A so take him if you need to take theatre!
                
                   No Comments
                
                   He's a fantastic professor.  I took Communications in the summer and I enjoyed it very much with him.  I came out with an A.  A pretty easy class.
                
                   I enjoyed this class even though I hated the idea of speaking in front of a class. If you feel the same I recommend taking the class in the summer.  It is short and less painful. Not hard a all.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   He looks like Tom Cruise.
                
                   Through all of the teachers I've had through my life, Kelly stands out among the best. He truly loves what he does, and it shows. His expectations are always crystal clear, and he does a tremendous job of helping his students reach them. My only regret about my undergraduate education is that I didn't have more classes with Kelly.
                
                   Kelly is absolutely amazing! You need to show up and be willing to read but other than that, its a fun and easy going class!
                
                   I took the class as a non-theatre major, and thoroughly enjoyed it.  Kelly is a very sweet, helpful and spirited teacher who always makes the class fun and energetic.  It is a fun class that will help bring you out of your shell.  Kelly is very understanding of personal trepidations and will not pressure you or make you feel uncomfortable at all.
                
                   He is one of the best Theater instructors I have encountered. Period.
                
                   KELLY ROCKS!!!!! ONE OF THE BEST INSTRUCTORS YOU WILL EVER HAVE
                
                   This class is easy. Attend class or you will miss a quiz. He gives quizzes every class and are easy. He is a very nice guy and the class is interesting. Midterm and final are cake! Would recommend him to everyone.
                
                   Kelly is a doll! Though if you have a bad memory, I would not suggest his course. There are reading quizzes daily and you are required to perform scenes & monologues. Also he does not understand that Theatre is not everyone's first love. So if you do not worship the stage, DON'T TELL HIM. Despite all that, I still loved taking a course with Kelly!
                
                   Kelly is AWESOME, a little repetitive and crazy at times but still awesome. He's hilarious, entertaining, and really cares about his students. As long as you attend class and pay attention, his classes aren't difficult. I definitely recommend taking a class with him!!!
                
                   I had Kelly as my Acting I teacher this past semester, and I can't begin to express how much I learned from his class! He has the ability to really connect with his students while still maintaining a professional relationship. The reading is mandatory as is the attendance, fortunately, you'll never WANT to miss one of his classes they're super fun!
                
                   kelly is one of the best teachers ever! he's hilarious, fun, and brilliant! i just took him for acting I and you do read (its very light reading) and take quizzes on it, be on time (which isnt hard), and don't miss more than twice which you don't want to miss his class anyways! i highly recommend this class whether you've acted before or not!
                
                   Professor doesnt not connect with students.  If  you take his class you better be on time or he will lower your grade a letter grade for every absence after the third one.  Nice guy but strict on grading.
                
                   I took oral interp. of children's lit. with him. It was SO much fun! He is super nice, funny & friendly! You DO have to read assigned chapters for quizzes, but the cool thing is that the tests are the exact same quizzes all put together. The main thing about the class is performing 1 children's poem, 1 short story, and 1 group story. Take it! =)
                
                   Mr. Rusell is fantastic.  It is a wonderful to be in his class.  He talks to his students and really listens.  I feel that my education was saved because of him.
                
                   Great professor. Very engaging classes with lots of learning opportunities.
                
                   Great Teacher! Easy-because he is a great teacher!
                
                   Dr. Faherty is the best! He is funny, nice, & very interesting. Tests are easy, just listen to his lectures & you'll do fine. 3 speeches are required, & he's an easy grader, but if you want to make an A in this class a little more effort is required. Great speaker. Has a lot of Irish in him & he is very handsome if that helps anyone. Take him!
                
                   Faherty is awesome! His lectures contain lots of examples that keep your attention. He also splits the class up into groups for disscusions. This was cool because we got to know each other a little better and saying speeches wasn't akward. Definitely a great class!
                
                   Faherty definitely made my first semester very enjoyable.  Pretty easy class...show up and bring your book, and the tests are a breeze.  Had three speeches throughout the semester, and though they were easy, we actually got something out of it.  Lots of fun group work also.  Kudos to Faherty.
                
                   Dr. Faherty is super nice, and his classes are really simple...an easy A if you ask me...
                
                   Not too easy to be boring, but challenging to myself. Great at what he does.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   ALSO GUY, GOT TO TAKE HIS CLASS
                
                   Dr. Faherty has the spirit of a college student. He is fun, cool, and very inteligent. I have never seen someone like Faherty. You will like his class.
                
                   Brantley is awesome! Loved his class, and it really opened me up to other ideas.
                
                   Mr. Brantley is a fun and energetic professor, he knows quite a bit about the information in the class but the textbooks for his classes are usually never used.  Sometimes his work load can interfere with other priorities in school.
                
                   Very easy, the only thing he isn't clear on is what he wants on projects. otherwise he is very easy to listen too and class is interesting. If you want a good grade, just go to class and turn everything in. Only need the book for midterm and final (which are very easy).
                
                   This was a good online class. You have to read the chapters though, or you will not pass. The papers you have to write every week are over the chapters. It was a good class, as long as you put time and effort into the papers you will do well. 
                
                   Kevin is new to the department, but he is a great instructor, and designer, he knows what he's doing. His grading is based on your progress and improvement, but you cannot procrastinate with his projects because the are time consuming. Other than that he is a good instructor!
                
                   Dr. Lewis is absolutely phenomenal. I've never had a more influential professor in my time as an undergraduate student. I can't imagine my life as a theatre artist without the great experiences of working with Terry.
                
                   He's your standard academic type, Dr. Lewis enjoys what he teaches, and it comes through in his lectures. He keeps lessons entertaining, telling vivid stories for just about every subject. Script Analysis isn't too difficult, just tedious! Go to class, ask questions, and do your work. Easiest way to do well in this class.
                
                   easy, entertaining class. Only necessary to be there every day. He will give you an A for not missing class! tests are easy. Had to attemd two compus plays and write reviews but they were very easy. great guy, really makes it fun
                
                   Terry Lewis is awesome!!!!  He was an impact on my life and education.
                
                   Mr. Johnson is so passionate about theatre! You've got to make room in your college career to take his Art of the Theatre classes. I never knew the extent of knowledge that could be crammed into a class. There's so much out there to learn. We viewed four plays for class and had very easy homework assignments. Very enjoyable class!
                
                   Phil is super passionate about helping his classes to understand and appreciate Theatre.  There are three tests that are posted online with no time limits.  He himself said that you should get at least a B in the class.  You'll learn about Theatre, see campus performances, and have a great time.
                
                   He is absolutely incredible. He has such a passion for sharing his love of theatre. He is so very helpful. His class is very interesting, so always attend. He is my favorite professor I have had. The tests are online with unlimited time.
                
                   All theatre majors will get to know Phil pretty well during their time at TAMUCC. He's a very knowledgeable guy, who cares more about his students than any other professor I've had.
                
                   WAY too easy.  Go to class and take the quizes.  EASY A.
                
                   IF YOU CAN, GET THIS PROFESSOR!!! SHE IS AWESOME!
                
                   I totally recommend this clas for your fine arts credit!!! the quizzes and tests are multiple choice only and she gives you all the answers before hand. You watch a lot of movie/films and you don't need the book.
                
                   It's a really good class. She incorporates the plays in the class. She seems fairly easy to me but others in the class seem to be struggling. It's a lot of writing.
                
                   I've taken Alison for Acting III, Acting for the Camera, and Musical Theatre & I must say that I have never had a professor take such a mentor role for me. Her classes are challenging, but not impossible. If there is something that you don't understand, she is always available, via Facebook, texting, or her office. You will def work for the grade.
                
                   Easily the worst class that I have taken at TAMUCC. Alison is about as clear as mud when it comes to teaching, instead relying on Netflix/Downton Abbey to do the teaching for her. The reading is 'required' but is never discussed in class. She relies on looking at your highlighted notes to check your reading--making it nothing more than busy work.
                
                   Mr. Knight is really knowledgeable. He gets a little caught up in his own world sometimes, and the syllabus is never to be trusted, but he's a really laid-back and understanding teacher. He knows what he's talking about, particularly in technical theatre.
                
                   Mr. Knight is EXTREMELY knowledgable when it comes to technical Theatre.  He has a passion that is seldom matched by other design instructors.
                
                   Great class outline, class work, and invaluable training for actors. The class requires emotional stability, so it's important to open but strong. Also, come prepared!  I've seen her inappropriately make examples of students at high emotional levels. Even worse, she  becomes personally hurt or passive aggressive when students struggle. 
                
                   Excellent teacher, better person. Very approachable and extremely knowledgeable. Perhaps the best professor I ever had.
                
                   One of the best.  Reminds me of a very intelligent Bob Newhart.  Knows his stuff, and has opinions, but if you back yours up, it doesn't effect your grade.
                
                   Intelligent and fascinating, though with a strange habit of tangeting off.  Highly Recommended, and more approachable than he seems.
                
                   This class is awesome not to mention fun and easy with this prof. You learn alot too.  I actually look forward to goin to this class.
                
                   Hanners is great.  He is willing to help you when you need it.  He seems on the reserved side, but he loves improv, therefore, I love him!
                
                   No Comments
                
                   although quite intelligent, it is difficult to guess what side he will come down on an issue, and it seems important that you chose his side.  His political correctness does not cover all areas.
                
                   Dr. Hanners is a visibily intelligent man who expects old-fashioned basics from his students, which could possibly lead to his being seen as gruff, but he's a fascinating teacher and very helpful faculty member, especially for graduate students.
                
                   A great teacher with lots of knowledge on any subjuct, just about.  His knowledge on theatre is amaxing and any one in the theatre ought to take a class taught by him.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Great! She was very energetic and always had something fun planned. I loved this class
                
                   She is very energetic which made lectures not bad to listen to. Test are super easy and there were not many quizzes. If I liked theater I would definitely take her again. 
                
                   Mr. Anderson is such a nice professor! I learned quite a bit and really enjoyed his class. NOTE: This class is NOT an easy A. Ask questions because his expectations are not always clear (he means well but seems very busy)! Show up to class and be respectful when others are on stage and you will do just fine! HIGHLY RECOMMEND him!!! SUPER nice guy!
                
                   Mr. Anderson really does mean well, but I didn't learn a lot from his classes. He often loses track of the professional boundary between teacher and students. I've had him for a few different things. Still, he does mean well and he cares about you doing well in his classes even when you slack off. He can be very polar about grades, though.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Jim is awesome. He's the reason I am a playwright now. THanks.
                
                   very cool class with integrated arts for elementary teaching.  He was the best!
                
                   Mr. Anderson is a laidback instructor. He teaches playwriting and he's very good at it. He is an award winning playwright himself with several paid productions. The man is kind and his classes are not stressful. He's like a mix between a professor and a cowboy.
                
                   Coach!!!
                
                   good
                
                   
                
                   someone who's taken the class...and get their stuff...final is literally all the other tests together she doesn't even change the order of the answers
                
                   Take this class!  She is so easy!  It counts for V&P and is an easy A!  She gives you a chance for 50 points extra credit and if you get that it is IMPOSSIBLE to not make an A.  If you don't, you don't deserve to be in college!  Tests are straight forward and midterm and Final are regurgitation of regular tests.  Only drawback is 7 tests total.
                
                   Passionate about her work, obviously cares about her students. Engaging, funny, original. One of the very best professors that I've had. A fair but not easy grader. I would take as many courses as possible with her. Also, she is understanding if you are a bit tardy or miss class occasionally. 
                
                   I really had no interest in theatre, but she made it very interesting. Take her. 
                
                   Not a hard class as long as you go over the lecture powerpoints she posts online you should be fine for tests. Theatre history isn't really my thing but was able to easily get an A. Offers some extra credit on tests (not every time) and as online quizzes.
                
                   Dr. Owicki is really passionate about theatre and her lectures are usually engaging. 3 exams, no final, 1 really easy writing assignment and a lot of little quizzes over plays. If you go to class and take good notes, you'll have no problem making an A since her exams are exactly off the powerpoints and lecture.
                
                   This class is easy but definitely not a blow off class. The weekly quizzes are not hard, all you have to do is research them online.I would recommend not getting the text book just because I never used mine and did great on the quizzes. The tests however are kinda tricky so make sure you study!! 
                
                   There are weekly online quizzes over plays that are not hard. You have to read the play to get 100's, but the questions are not hard. The exams have some extra credit questions which are helpful. The exam questions are directly from the powerpoints and lectures, you just have to study them. You have to see a play and write about it, but it is easy!
                
                   If you ever have to take THAR281, take it with her. You won't regret it. There are 3 MC exams, final included, weekly online quizzes about plays you have to readwatch.  Attendance is not mandatory, but she may give extra credits for students in class if a lot of students are absent. You'll have to attend a play & write a report. You'll get 5050!
                
                   This class is a GPA booster. As long as you take notes and read every week, there is no reason not to get an A. 
                
                   This class is absolute CAKE. I didn't show up for over a month and still managed to get an A. Lectures are non essential to attend, she posts the slides online, so just study those for the tests and you will easily succeed. Quizzes online weekly- just use spark notes and you will get a 100.
                
                   Not bad - But I wouldn't say it was "super easy".  Tests straight from the lecture slides with a little of what is talked about.  BUT you better know EVERYTHING from the slides. Tests generally 75 questions & contain the details.  Also have to readwatch a play every week & take a quiz online. Must read though--Sparknotes will not make you pass
                
                   Super easy class, gives extra credit, lecture slides online. Easy A.
                
                   Posts her powerpoints online, and tests basically follow the powerpoints. You don't have to show up to class, but it's worth going since she is a very engaging lecturer. Easy tests, easy quizzes, and one ridiculously easy writing assignment. If you read the plays and have a pulse, you'll get an A.
                
                   Excellent Professor. Provides lecture powerpoints online and her tests are exactly what her powerpoints go over. There are a few quizzes over books and videos you have to watch but they are only a few questions and easy. An audience experience essay is also required but it is also very easy to write since she provides very clear guidelines .
                
                   Awesome professor, easy class. You can miss a few days, but you should go to class. Just write down everything on the powerpoints and everything she says about specific plays. Tests are easy. Plus she gives a lot of bonus points for attending class.
                
                   Great, engaging professor. She teaches pretty much right off her power points, which she posts, so I didn't stress going to class too much. However, I missed some things by missing class, so skipping isn't recommended. Her tests are easy as long as you look over the notes. Definitely not a complete blow off class, but easy A with some effort.
                
                   Highly recommend. BIMS major not excited at all about a theatre class, ended up attending pretty consistently because she's very engaging, even in large class setting. Material is really easy, just study notes and power points and you'll do fine
                
                   She is an awesome professor who is passionate about what she teaches and so interested in making sure you get the best grade possible. The material is easy, and attendance is reocommended since she tests over the lectures, but all the quizzes are super easy and the class is actually really fun. I loved her & the class :)
                
                   Good communication btw students and professor. Easy materials in general.
                
                   Don't tell anybody, but this is an easy A.
                
                   Easiest class in the world, but lecture is soooo boring. He's also ALWAYS out of town, leaving awful videos to watch. If you put up with all the boring crap its a guaranteed A
                
                   No Comments
                
                   GREAT PROF! Take him.
                
                   She likes to show pertinent video clips during class, and that's always fun. She usually lets class out early. I suggest taking notes on what she says. Tests are fair. Everything is scantron stuff.
                
                   pretty good prof, always had short lectures and made the tests pretty reasonable.
                
                   He's the sweetest professor ever.  I think i finished the semester with over 200 bonus points, when my grade was based on 500 total points.  Its about the easiest class i've ever taken, given you try your best.  I finished with like 725550 for the class (thats over 100% credit.)  thats how pathetic of a grader he is.
                
                   I loved this class. Dr. Greenwald is very passionate about theater which makes going to lectures more enjoyable.  He is semi-retired so we did not have class on Fridays, instead  he assigned us  videos and reading over the weekend. He gives 8 quizzes  (you only have the pass 5) so read and watch the videos carefully.  The tests are super easy too. 
                
                   Dr. Greenwald is a wonderful professor and human being.  His production of Othello was one of the hightlights of my college career.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Greenwald is not too hard. There is a lot of reading and you get a quiz every class day. As long as you do the reading, you'll be fine. He's actually a great and fun guy.
                
                   There is a lot of homework and work outside of class. Class discussions were fun. She grades very tough, and is ambiguous about her reasoning. I wouldn't take this class again, just because of the amount of work and the fact that it is difficult to get an A. I haven't met anyone in my class that was especially pleased with her as a professor.
                
                   Professor Dexter was extremely enthusiastic when lecturing which did not make going to class that bad. There was no attendance sheet and she gives lots of extra credit assignments. She is a very tough grader when it comes to essays. I would recommend taking this class.
                
                   There's many online quizzes and homework assignments, every week. The exams are really based off the notes in class and quizzes so the book is not all that useful. Good professor, but not a blow off class. Need to go to class and do assignments or won't do well. Offers up to 3 points added on to final average if you do 3 extra credit assignments. 
                
                   This class definitely is not a blow off. There is a ton of little assignments, readings, and quizzes that pile up. She gives extra credit frequently. The class is interesting and she is such a cool professor, but expect to work for your grade!! If you do the work, you can easily achieve an A. 
                
                   Prof Dexter was my favorite teacher this semester. She obviously loves the material and gives multiple opportunities for extra credit. Quizzes are online and are due before class at the beginning of each chapter. Go to class and take notes because you definitely have to try in this class for an A, but it is not super time consuming. 
                
                   All grades came from online quizzes and test in which he encourages you to use notes from class. All test Q's come from the plays he has you WATCH(on your own time) instead of read, and from lecture. Most questions you can google and probably find the answer, some are specific to his lecture. Hilarious, gives 5% extra credit by analyzing a play.
                
                   Overall good class. She's very passionate about her class. She posts her notes online, but they are very limited. She assigns movies and plays to watch and read and then there are quizzes over them.  Her test were pretty easy.  You don't really need the textbook, as long as you can get copies of the plays online. 
                
                   You have to attend a live performance for credit. You can fill out a form about the performance for extra credit. She gives weekly quizzes online based on plays that you're supposed to read. She posts her PowerPoints online. As long as you do the homework, take the quizzes, and know the terms from the PowerPoints it's a really easy A.
                
                   I would rarely ever go to class and I got a 99 in this class. She posts the notes online and the quizzes every week are really easy- just read sparknotes and you'll get 100s. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
                
                   The tests came directly from the lecture and the review. Easy to make an A. Average test time was 30 min. The most time consuming is the weekly plays you have to read (I watched them if they were on youtube and did fine).
                
                   Dr. Ahlgren's class is very easy. If you keep up with the readings and lectures, there really isn't a reason not to get an A. 
                
                   I hate theatre, but Dr. Ahlgren made the class easy. She is extremely nice and understanding if you miss something, she gives a review before each test that is basically the same as the test, the weekly quizzes are only 5 ? and you can just read the spark notes of the plays. I highly recommend her and if you are a slacker, you will do just fine.
                
                   Although Dr. Ahlgren was very nice, her choice of content in the plays was very disappointing. Although the first few plays were fair, the last few were crude and contained bad language and objectionable material. I was very disappointed in this class and would not suggest it due to its content. 
                
                   Dr. Alhgren's class was very easy. However, I would STRONGLY caution against taking this class. There are many subjects discussed that are objectionable. Also the plays at the beginning of her class were not bad but as they got more modern they got weirder, used bad language, and  had explicit content. Don't take this class!
                
                   Dr. Ahlgren is a very boring professor in my opinion. She doesn't understand that people are taking it as an elective and is way to serious. During lectures she will stare and wait for someone to respond to her question (even though no one will). There's a quiz every week over a stupid play she has you read. Class sucks, but it's an easy A
                
                   Horrible teacher.  Completely useless with in class test reviews.  Highly recommend taking anyone else. 
                
                   She gives a review before every test, and the test is pretty much the review. You can not go to class and look at the slides and still do very well on the test. She gives a quiz every week over a play that she wanted you to read. You could literally go to spark notes or whatever and get the gist of it and still do well on these quizzes. 
                
                   Dr. Ahlgren is a very nice lady teaching a very boring class.
                
                   She seems to really love her subject. There's a lot of reading, but her lectures are easy to follow. The tests are straightforward. Put in the work and it's an easy A.
                
                   Easiest class ever. If you need a credit and a GPA boost this is the class to take. Alhgren is a great teacher and everything from the slides are directly on the tests. She gives reviews to print out for the tests which makes it even easier.  There are quizzes for readings but they are five questions and really easy to do and take no time. 
                
                   Easy A. Exams are incredibly easy if you have read all the plays before the exam and she also gives a review for the exam with 'key words' from the exam. Basically you read the plays and study the review and you will make an A. Plays can be long and tedious but it is worth it if you want an A. 
                
                   Stephen is a great teacher. He really cares about his students and will help you if you need it. Participation is key in class! Be open to every exercise and project and you will really enjoy this class. He really helped me become a better actress.
                
                   I didn't find his "exercises" helpful in becoming a better actor. I actually learned more from the book than I did from him. Breathing exercises? I didn't sign up for a yoga class. He's a good guy but I didn't learn that much. Plus he cancelled class like 4 times which is a lot considering class was only 2x/week. Money's worth? Not really...
                