
                   Prof Curry is one of the best professors I have had at A&M. He genuinely cares whether or not his students learn and is one of the most inspiring people I have had the pleasure of meeting. His class is not an easy A, but you actually learn and grow in your Spanish. I would recommend his class to anyone and retake a class by him in a heartbeat.
                
                   Curry is one of the best professors at A&M. He cares about his students and is always willing to offer help. I would take him again and recommend him to anyone who is looking to actually learn and further their Spanish skills.
                
                   Professor Curry is one of my favorite professors in the Spanish department. He's a very interesting man who should've been born in Madrid and not Ohio. Curry's class is not an easy A, but if you give him adequate time to cover his material and attend the majority of class, you'll do fine. 
                
                   He is passionate about the subject. You will learn a lot. Exams are fill in the blanks and written response. There will be some written assignments.
                
                   THE BEST CLASS I'VE EVER TAKEN!!!
                
                   No Comments
                
                   It's been several years now since I took Curry (8, to be exact), but I still remember the class like it was yesterday. One of the very best, and most memorable, classes I ever took. It was because of this class that I decided to major in Spanish. Take the honors section he teaches, if you are eligible. It is a blast.
                
                   His classes are not giveaways, but he tries to be helpful and interesting.
                
                   There are no powerpoint slides, but long lectures. No electronics are allowed, you must take notes by hand. There are three tests in total each 33% of your overall grade. He does curve, though very few points. He truly makes you think, is funny at times, and has a passion for his job! 
                
                   No textbooks but yes to novels!
                
                   Dr. Rich doesn't seem like a fantastic prof at first. The first time she teaches a concept, you will probably be confused, but then she teaches it over and over again and you will find yourself remembering it. She's an extremely easy grader. If you show up and try a little, you'll get an A.
                
                   Enjoyed his class and learned a lot from it.  Would take another class from him if I had a chance to.
                
                   While he teaches plenty of colloquialisms that most classes never cover, he has no clue why so many people fail his tests. It's because he spends more time in conversation than solid teaching. Plus, he never curves and he's brutal about pronunciation.
                
                   Very personable instructor and advisor. If you try, he will help you in any way he can.
                
                   Professor Arizpe is a great teacher! She genuinely cares that you do well in her class. She helped prepare me for a career in health care by teaching me how to effectively communicate with Spanish-speaking patients. Getting trained in medical Spanish by her would be of great benefit to you and your future career, if you're pursuing medicine.
                
                   Very nice, sweet prof. She was very helpful,  passionate about Spanish and really wanted everyone to learn. There were only 2 tests; the midterm and final, but there was also online homework and three compositions. Class was a little boring because we usually did activities from the textbook, but it was overall a great class. 
                
                   Great professor! She genuinely cares that you understand the material and is always available to answer any questions you may have. Take her class if you get the chance! :)
                
                   Sra Arizpe is caring and interested in her students. She explains everything clearly and welcomes questions. She is willing to offer extra help, especially if you are struggling on a specific topic. She is a prompt grader and gives good feedback. She seems to be genuinely interested in your success in her class and in learning the language.
                
                   She was an excellent teacher and I often came to her for extra help during office hours.  I highly recommend her.  And when I say the class was hard, it's not so much that it was difficult, but that it was sufficiently challenging so I actually learned something
                
                   She was a great teacher.  Very animated adn so funny.  But dont' make her mad.
                
                   Senora Arizpe is a fantastic Spanish professora.  She really made me enjoy going to class.
                
                   She is a great prof--always willing to help & really wants you to learn. Her class can be tough if you aren't willing to work hard, but all the hard work is worth it.
                