
                   
                
                   Awesome prof...very helpful and nice. She will help you if u just ask her. She really loves design and it shows through her teaching.
                
                   great class, really brought out my interest in art!
                
                   The first good art teacher I have ever taken. He teaches you /how/ to draw, rather than spouting some useless tips and expecting you to be Da Vinci. He's always available outside of class if you need help, and really tries to grade on effort rather than just skill.
                
                   Sam is great, he loves what he does. He is an amazing artist and gives bunch of feedback and helps you succeed. This class is life drawing and there is a live nude model everyday, expect to be mature enough to handle this class. He respects his models a lot. His class was very fun, although there is a lot of drawing homework to do every week.
                
                   She is a great teacher but the only problem I have is the fact she is more for Chicano Art.  I do love Chicano Art but this more out there.  She does help the students if they need it.  
                
                   She's the best painting professor. She helps the students with their art. She really likes working with non art majors to help them out with their art. Great teacher!
                
                   I loved Dr. Vargas and his art history class very much! I love the way he teaches. He's very helpful and easy to talk to. He definitely wants all of his students to do well. I STRONGLY recommend going to SI. His tests are difficult but if you study you'll be fine. He will have a pop exam at least once & an open book. There is no extra credit given
                
                   easy A.
                
                   He's lectures are boring but as long as you do you work you get an easy A
                
                   Very softspoken and mellow.
                
                   Tests were hard. Some of the assignments were pretty cool and he does teach some interesting techniques.
                
                   There were 4 exams including the final. All the exams were on eCampus. There are weekly eCampus quizzes and quizzes on MyArtsLab. She gave us unlimited attempts on the quizzes. You can skim through the textbook to the answer the quiz questions. She emails you back quickly if you ever need any help. You just have to take all the quizzes to get an A.
                
                   Just read the powerpoints that she posts and use them to work the quizzes. I did that and only showed up on test days and got an A in her class. She is really nice and understands that art is really not high on many of the students priorities, and she designs her class to be an easy A! I would take her again in a heartbeat!
                
                   Dr Campana is a really sweet and friendly professor. She has a great amount of passion and knowledge toward the subject and she definitely wants all her students to do well. She is always more than willing to help and it's extremely hard not to get an A! I strongly recommend taking her; I'd take her again in a heartbeat if I could. 
                
                   This class is great to boast your GPA
                
                   Prof. Campana is amazing! She is super sweet and really wants her students to pass. You will get an A in this class. I'm taking her again next semester too
                