
                   I was in her lab and I hated it. She reads straight from the lab book and if you ask her a question she never knows the answer. She also takes forever to grade tests and homework and she grades super hard, like she counts off if you miss one step in showing your work and stuff. Not a good prof.
                
                   Dr. D is a really cool guy. As long as you go to lecture the book is not needed. The class itself is basic laws of science and only is hard if you over think the concepts. Just go to class and it will be an easy B without studying. 
                
                   Dr. Conlee is a pretty awesome teacher! I have always struggled taking tests so I had to read the book to help me understand. I didn't do very well on my first test and he was extremely encouraging and helpful. He is very approachable. His tests can be a tad tricky, but if you study hard and know the concepts you will do great!
                
                   Dr.D (Dr. Conlee) always makes class entertaining, he's basically a stand up guy when he lectures. Explanations are pretty clear and if you have a question he is more than happy to help, even outside of class. You mostly work on computers for the lab, but you sometimes go outside to use equipment. If you can, take Dr.D.
                
                   Dr. D is clearly a smart man who knows his stuff. He's always willing to help and explain something if you don't understand. I do have to caution against his testing style though, it makes me want to pull my hair out. His tests consist of lots of fill in the blank questions and problems you actually work through. Besides that you'll love him.
                
                   Took the hybrid class (meets only once a week) and boy was that a mistake. Don't get me wrong, the class was pretty easy and I ended up with an A, but there was lots of reading. You have to read every single week (about 20-25 pages), watch 1.5-2 hours worth of videos, and answer 6 quiz questions that are a large part of your final grade.
                
                   This class was a lot of work. I had class once a week and then had to do a lot of reading outside of class. YOU MUST READ or you will not pass the class. Participation in class is also mandatory because it goes towards part of your grade. He does not give any tests until the final exam and that caught me a little off guard. Manageable class
                
                   I took the hybrid class and it was a lot more work than I was expecting. I spent about 5 hrs each week reading the assigned chapter, taking online quizzes, and watching lecture videos. It is not easy by all means but it isn't the hardest thing I took. He is really nice and helpful if you go to office hours. Offers good extra credit/ a curve.
                
                   He is very nice but not very helpful. Class is very hard. Lots of reading each week and longggg videos followed by 6 questions that heavily affect your grade. No exams, just one final so it's a lot of weight on one test. Basically a flipped class. (learn on your own, questions answered in class)
                
                   I took the hybrid course(half online) and it was terrible. He is very monotonous in videos, typically 3-4 videos each 30 min long. No tests, but sets of quizzes weekly. 30% of your grade is answering iclicker questions in class. Also have group question booklets that are done in class in randomly assigned groups of 3. 30-50 pgs of reading per week.
                
                   Dr. Epi is great! He posts all of his lectures online, so attendance isn't mandatory; however, he does give extra credit points on a poll question system (like clicker quizzes). 2 quizzes and 3 exams, all of which were multiple choice with some short answer on the exams. 1010!
                
                   He's an excellent professor! The material is easy, but the lectures are engaging and give you enough information to understand everything from daily temperature to hurricane systems. I'm surprised by how much information I've retained and what I can obtain from weather forecasts. I strongly recommend him! Easy A and fun class!
                
                   Epifanio is such a nice guy! He has a quirky and nerdy sense of humor. He uploads his powerpoints online on his website, so attending class isn't mandatory; however, I recommend attending because it helps to understand the concepts. 3 quizzes, only counts highest 2 grades. He allows you to use a half-sheet of paper as a "cheat sheet" for the exams.
                
                   Dr. Logan cares so much about the subject material and his students. His lecture material is pretty boring but he does his best to make it as interesting as he can.  He has so much experience in the field that you can tell he knows what he is talking about. The tests are easy but only if you study all of the material. Go to class and take notes!
                
                   Funny professor who is always in a positive mood and cares a lot about helping his students learn the material. However, there are only 4 tests that make up your grade but he does offer extra credit. Tests aren't the easiest but you can definitely make A's on them if you study well. He makes the material interesting and homework is not required.
                
                   Really funny professor. He wants the students to learn the material and will give extra credit to do, but the exams are difficult. You think they will be easy but they have odd questions you won't expect with lots of true false and fill in the blank.
                
                   He makes class enjoyable for everyone. I ended up being really interested in the subject. But he does expect you to know a lot come test time and does not curve. Took this expecting an easy A but made a B with effort. 
                
                   Homework was optional and only for our benefit. Final grade consisted of four tests and extra credit. Took this expecting an easy A, but I barely ended up a B (he curves at end of sem.) Tests weren't awful but you will need to study a lot. You'll need the book, atleast I did. Rent it off amazon- WAY cheaper. Not very organized but he's a cool prof.
                
                   Great teacher! He cares about his students and helping them to learn the concepts.  He isn't looking to fail students, and if you put in the effort, he will help you get the grade you are working for. Very relatable, knew all our names, and made us cupcakes on finals day.  Highly recommend him.
                
                   Justin is seriously the most relatable professor I've ever had. The guy is actually really young but super smart and always willing to help. By second lecture he knew all of us by name. His lectures are super easy and crystal clear. His tests are a bit hard, but if you review the notes, you'll be fine. He genuinely wants you to learn. Take him!
                
                   Genreally a very easy class. Attendance isn't required, the online quizzes have unlimited attempts (you could get 100 on every quiz without having to read the book), the exams are online and you can find the answers on google. He also posts his powerpoints online. Make sure to keep track of due dates and you're sure to get an A.
                
                   All the tests and quizzes are given online with open book and open notes
                