
                   Go to lecture, extra pts for perfect attendence. TAKE GOOD NOTES. Some questions on exam from book but not too much. Lab is pretty straightforward, I advised plenty of lab time in to be familiar with identifying insects for lab exams. Don't blow off studying or time for this class, should be easy A with some effort.
                
                   Class was interesting. Pretty easy if u study hard. Attandance is A must! Take good notes, test are in library and come in handy. Gives Extra credit for Perfect Attendace. At times can be dull, but overall a good professor.
                
                   need to buy little book, & TAKE GOOD NOTES. Gives 2 extra points  towards final grade for perfect attendance. Old exams in W. campus library (ONLY test 1 & 2). Final over insecticide booklet.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Behmer is awesome, he tells lots of cool side stories and facts about the insects covered in the course. The lab is really fun because you make your own insect collection through the semester and submit it as your final project for lab,there are no study guides for exams but they are directly off lectures and the short chapters assignment, easy A
                
                   He gave extra credit now and then for just showing up. A test question on the test was, what insect was featured in a south park episode (which we saw in class). Unfortunately there is no review for this class so you have to be able to study on your own terms, but he is more than willing to help if you don't understand. The lab however, is meh.
                
                   He is really nice and helpful and his supplementary materials are great!  His labs are easy and worth a lot of points.
                
                   One of, if not the best, professor at Texas A&M University. Extremely funny, very likable and shows a huge amount of passion for the subject she's teaching. I enjoyed her class so much that it was one of the few that I actually looked forward to attending.
                
                   Dr. Brundage is by far my favorite professor here at A&M. While I am only a freshman, she will be tough to beat. Even when she's talking about the parts of forensics you may find boring, she still manages to constantly crack jokes and keep your attention! Her tests are exactly like the practice tests online. Easy class. 
                
                   Dr. Brundage is so nice and she's so cool. You don't have to go to class but if you do it is usually pretty entertaining. She's always open to help you. She put a practice test online the day before the test and they are very very very helpful (DO THEM) I got a 100 on the first test. Gives multiple assignments but none are that hard. Easy A.
                
                   Dr. Brundage is absolutely amazing! She made me so passionate about forensics (my major) and prepared me well for my future. Will definitely be staying in contact with her! She makes coming to class enjoyable! She's super sweet and helpful in office hours, and a very very fair professor. Absolutely loved being in her class! Would take again!!
                
                   Dr. brundage is freaking amazing, I only came to exams and lectures once in a while and passed with an A, do the online quizzes and read the lectures online and you'll be golden. But it is worth going to lecture she brings in live insects and always has awesome stories she is the BOMB
                
                   AMAZING!!! She is one of the funniest teachers I know!! She is passionate about ENTO. I only went to class on the test days and the very first day of class I passed with an A easily. All you have to do is your online quizzes and practice test the exams are exactly the same as the practice exams. And all the answers are online :) You got this!!!
                
                   She makes it very easy to pass with an A as long as you do the quizzes on time, which are really quite simple honestly. She then posts practice exams the night before the test which are literally the exact questions she will use for the exam. Take the practice test multiple times in order to see the most amount of questions that could be used. Easy
                
                   Dr. Brundage is so wonderful! Her lectures are interesting, and she supplements them with fun stories from her experiences in the field. The quizzes and tests are straightforward, and the assignments are pretty fun. An A is achievable in this course if you're willing to put forward the effort. She genuinely cares about the success of her students.
                
                   Probably the funniest professor I've had so far! The class is an easy A if you put some effort into it.  Go to class because there are random days when she gives extra credit just for being there, and a lot of her weekly quiz questions are questions from lecture.  Her tests are a breeze because she pulls them out of a test bank online!
                
                   Dr. Brundage is by far my favorite professor at Texas A&M! I really want to take another one of her courses in the future!!!
                
                   Very Energetic. Loves her job and Forensics in general. You will never fall asleep in her class. She will share so many personal stories about cases and fun facts that makes the class fun. She provides extra credit randomly in class, so make sure you're there. Exams are not cumulative and questions are pulled from a test bank which is on ecampus!
                
                   This class was actually pretty interesting for 8 am! She is energetic and upbeat so its a nice learning environment. Quizzes are word for word from the lecture and book so going to class is a must. The lab is pretty easy too just pay attention.
                
                   Loved her as a teacher - very quirky and fun!  She is passionate about the subject and she shares lots of really neat facts about it.  Weekly quizzes are great to make sure you understand the material - they are online, so open note!  Tests and easy - taken straight from questions off the quizzes (she also gives you a study guide to fill out)
                
                   She is fantastic. Easily one of the best professor at A&M. Take her if you can or you will be missing out!
                
                   Dr. Brundage has no dull moments in class. Her grades stem from the weekly quizzes, exams and extra credit. If you're unsure about getting that grade you want then TAKE THE EXTRA CREDIT. It help me get the grade I wanted. Pay attention in class because the quizzes require some recollection. Great class to be in. She is awesome. Enjoy her class.
                
                   Awesome professor! She is has a lot of experience and tells loads of cool/funny stories about the stuff you are learning, which makes you remember the material.  She gives extra credit. You basically just have to try and attend class to do well. Definitely recommend.
                
                   She's the best forensics teacher in all the land :) I was really scared to take this class because I am not into forensics at all, but she's seriously so cool and fun that it doesn't matter. I've never missed a lecture because she's that interesting!
                
                   Great teacher! Keeps you interested, gives you so many chances to get a good grade. She does not accept anything late, but she gives a lot of extra credit opportunities. Take this class!
                
                   She rocks my socks!
                
                   His accent is so entertaining, and he's so enthusiastic about what he teaches. He always answers my questions clearly, and I love going to his class. 
                
                   What a fun guy!
                
                   Knowledgeable, funny, great personality and super hot. Loved this class!
                
                   Such a nice guy!
                
                   This class was a challenge, but was very interesting! His class is not hard at all as long as you do the readings assigned and watch all the lectures you will do just fine. The final is cumulitive but as long as you save or go back to the previous test and chapter quizzes it'll be easy. Very interesting class !!! 
                
                   Do not take this class. Worst professor. Has his own agenda, too detailed for an undergrad course. Quizzes didn't match the material he said they would cover. Gave me no chance on writing assignments and quizzes/tests had future material and uncovered material. This guy blows as a teacher and a person.
                
                   PLEASE! DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS! The online assignments are very unclear and confusing.  He has no interest in helping the student understand and responds to your concerns in a very RUDE and COLD manner.  He is flat out horrible. I am sorry for any of those who must take this class.  SAVE YOURSELF AND TAKE SOMETHING ELSE!
                
                   This professor has no interest in your learning or in guiding students. If you are taking this  class to have fun and learn the basic of Honey Bee's do not do it. He seems to think it's a class that is way more serious than it really is. Sorry to all ENTO majors who need it.
                
                   DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. Dr Metz is rude, disrepsectful and grades way to hard for a honey bee biology class. He does not have office hours and does not take phone calls (keep in mind this is an online class) His assignments are vague so you have little to no guidance and I only passed one of them. On the rest I received lower than a fifty.Don'tdoit
                
                   Horrible professor. Will not return phone calls and does not hold office hours.
                
                   Very nice professor
                
                   Great professor! just attend class and take good notes. I had a B in this class and I did not have a book. All exam questions are from power points.
                
                   Just basically go to Class. Lectures are posted, but many times he says things in class, that will be on the test. Lab is tedious, but helpful. Test are straightforward, and Mulenga is great.
                
                   This class is brutal. She gives 5 quizzes worth 25 points, 4 exams plus in class assignments, a youtube video project and a cumulative final, she doesn't let you keep any tests to help review for the final she doesn't give study guides she doesn't post grades and wont negotiate on any test questions even if she messes up THE WORST TEACHER EVER 
                
                   Dr. Teel is extremely caring and understanding he is awesome with helping to edit cover letters and resumes and he has a ton of professional acquaintances that he brings into class (since its professional development course) which are extremely helpful for ento majors (FBI, health department, military etc.) He is the best!!!
                
                   Fair enough, Dr. Wharton may not be the easiest one to follow, but he really doesn't need fancy computer stuff, since it's a class that requires you to DISSECT bugs. I pity the student that goes to this class expecting him to tell where to look for answers in the book. He will give significant cues and plenty of extra credit opportunities though.
                
                   He's very nice but not a great teacher.  He has no powerpoints, or lecture slides.  There's a textbook but he doesn't tell you where you should be reading in it.  So when the tests come it's pretty much just guess work as to what you should be studying.
                
                   His tests aren't hard as long as you look at the material more than once. He knows what he's talking about. My biggest complaint with him is that he isn't very excited about what he's teaching (most of the time) and the effect is that his lectures are rather boring.
                
                   Forewarning, the tests are not easy. You must take initiative and read the textbook (I did not much) to be able to answer the test questions in the detail they ask about. The group projects were all easy (find a good group from the beginning & stick with it) and boost your grade. Heinz and the TA's are very helpful in answering questions as well!
                
                   My class that I took with Dr. Heinz was an online course but he was very helpful in the forum posts and took the time to really make sure he answered your question. The class overall wasn't too bad as long as you keep on top of it. There were some group assignments that were harder because its all online. Overall it was a good and interesting class
                
                   I had his 8 AM last semester, so everyone knows how that went. However, the biggest reason why I passed was Quizlet. His online quizzes were all over Quizlet, but regardless he drops some of your lowest grades. He's also big on rounding up your grade at the end of the semester. I recommend him if you're a science major needing a credit.
                
                   easy class overall. just study your notes and keep a track of quiz questions. QUIZLET is a lifesaver for this class and your grade so use it! having a lab along with this class was a little tedious and the lab exams are hard, the lecture exams are okay as long as you study :)
                
                   Hamer is very laid-back and the class info is pretty interesting!! The lecture is easy but the lab is pretty tough (who knew there were so many different types of lice with such slight differences). You can collect insects and get extra credit and the online tests are a breeze and a great study tool!
                
                   Really chill professor, gives lots of extra credit and curves. The lab is a little harder but not too bad. Lectures usually end early, if you choose to go. 
                
                   Hamer is a chill professor. His lectures are interesting. I used to hate bugs, couldn't even be close to them, but he actually made the class interesting. It's cool to learn about all the diseases certain bugs bring and how it makes a difference on our environment. Lab was cool, we got to look at a lot of bugs under the microscope. Would take again
                
                   His class should have been very easy but the lab was killer. Some of the specimens were falling apart so they were hard to identify. He also isn't very helpful. He said he'd post old quizzes since the second test covers a lot of material but lied and the average dropped a lot. Curves 1 points. Isn't very interesting. 
                
                   He was my favorite professor this semester. It was sooo easy to get an A in his class. He basically posts 75% of his test online. He gives opportunities for extra credit and even curves at the end on top of that. Lab can be tricky, but it doesn't affect your overall grade that much. I went to every class, but you honestly don't have to.
                
                   The lectures are pretty plain and boring. The tests are tough because he doesn't really specify what will be on them. You can do the online review, but it will not cover exactly what the test covers. If you have the online review down perfect, you will get about an 80 on the test. Fairly easy class, just wish he better prepared us for the test. 
                