
                   He is a funny and interesting guy, but his powerpoints are exactly the book but on a screen. It's a good thing attendance isn't mandatory, because going to class can be a waste of time. He's a good prof, but you don't need to go to class to succeed.
                
                   Exciting and interesting professor, very capable of explaining concepts in a simple understandable way, and is easy to follow in lecture. Made himself available for class even from CA with Skype!
                
                   Fantastic, real-world examples provided to make the class more interesting. Really involved professor.
                
                   She explains things really well. Understanding the concepts is key! Going to class and taking notes makes tests much easier. She also uses iclicker points to determine groups for tests and then gives the iclicker points for extra credit on the test. She also gives extra clicker points for answering her questions in front of everybody. take her!
                
                   Dr. Richardson likes to use iClicker questions throughout her lectures. She also expects students to answer questions during class. She does group exams where you take the test on your own and then with a small group. The groups are based on Clicker questions and the questions you answer in class. She doesn't give much of a review for the tests.
                
                   I'm sitting in class right now.. can't get through a lecture without looking at wikipedia for answers to her own questions
                
                   I am currently taking him right now & I LOVE his class. I took ocng201 for my science credit and I ended up loving the class. He is very sweet and really cares about his student. He have 4 test and gives extra credit via clicker questions. I would recommend anyone wanting to take OCNG201 to take him! You may have to get up early but it is worth it.
                
                   Good instructor. Very clear, I look forward to going to lecture. He is very clear about what will be on the test and if you go to lecture, read the book you will pass. No surprises in this class.
                