
                   Fantastic teacher, funny, practical, able to make plant biochem relevant and useful. Thorough tests, know your stuff because they are multiple choice with multiple answers. Dr. Cothren is more than a teacher he's a mentor and friend, always willing to visit during office hours. Thank you Dr. C!!!!!!
                
                   Dr. Hays is extremely knowledgeable, I have not seen any situation where he do not have proper answer whenever asked any questions regarding this course. He shows enormously great patience to make anybody comfortable in the subject
                
                   Dr. Hays makes time for students when they need it; he tries to be helpful; sometimes he's successful. Lectures were convoluted and rarely follow a logical train of thought(keep in mind it's a hard subject that should take 1-2 years to cover indepth). But his hotness ensured my punctual arrival; even if his weren't(ever).
                
                   Poor outlines, read PowerPoint slides to us, didn't know basic plant anatomy, waste of time taking this professor for plant phys, he's a gel jock. Long, drawn out take-home exams. Bring a pillow.
                
                   I needed a course to boost my GPA and my advisor recommended this one. I am so glad I took it!   Dr. Brookins very helpful and cares about her students.  Attendance is important and  lecture slides aren't online, but take notes and read the book and you will be fine.  She let us correct one test for a better grade and gives extra credit. 
                
                   I needed a two hour course so I decided to take Professor Brookins on a whim and I am SO glad I did. She is such a great professor and is extremely knowledgable. In order to get full participation points, showing up to class is key. I thought lectures were interesting and the tests were mediocre. Although it seems like easy info, study for exams!
                
                   Professor Brookins is very nice lady. Lots of reading and attendance counts. Class is very helpful for life after college. I would recommend class. Class is easy if you read and don't get behind.
                
                   Very strict, can be moody. Gives TONS of extra credit. Book is necessary for online quizzes and assignments. If you need a 2 hour credit, I would recommend this class and professor; as long as you do the work and extra credit, you should get an A. 
                