
                   Excellent teacher
                
                   He is such a very great professor, he will literally let students make the quizzes, and he really knows alot, he also is a very caring professor and will help you out if needed!
                
                   He gives all students "practice tests" before the real test--the questions are the same on both tests!! ..You must read on your own or else you will do bad on tests ..Cool professor who gives students second and third and fourth chances!! I LOVE THIS GUY!!!
                
                   He is a great professor who knows what he is talking about, makes the class really interesting. His teaching style makes it easy to learn what he teaches. I also felt that i did myself a disservice if i did not go to class, trust me you will learn a lot in a fun learning environment, i recommend him. Plus you get to make your own test questions
                
                   Amazing guy, knows so much stuff it is scary.
                
                   The best professor i have ever had! You will learn from him and getting an A is not hard at all i love this guy
                
                   If you go to class and write all the articles and videos he shows you, easy A, if you don't show up & don't know anyone,then you will fail. He will NEVER have class released early, Boring lectures. If you want to actually learn, don't take him, unless you read the book. You can get an A wo book if you take notes!
                
                   I have taken Wark over 6 times already. He's my favorite Professor even though he's very sarcastic and can sometimes be very dry and upfront if you don't read the materials and act like you care about the material he's teaching at the time. He also take attendance every blue moon due to low attendance 
                
                   GREAT TEACHER HE IS UNDERSTANDING AND CLEAR IN HIS LECTURES TESTS ARE EXACTLY LIKE THE REVIEWS YOU WONT REGRET TAKING HIM FOR SOCIOLOGY OR CRIMINOLOGY
                
                   GREAT TEACHER I HAVE HAD HIM 2 TIMES ALSO THIS SEMESTER STUDY GUIDES ARE EXACTLY LIKE THE TEST HE IS VERY CLEAR IN HIS TEXT HE IS A VERY UNDERSTANDING INDIVIDUAL YOU WONT REGRET TAKING HIM
                
                   Awesome Prof!
                
                   Easy Teacher.  Kind of a trip most of the time, but it's always an easy class.
                
                   Perhaps the best teacher i have had in college. its eay to understand him, and he is always in his office if needed. He gives study guides for the exams which are the same as the test.
                
                   He is an awesome professor. You will need to get the book because that's where his lectures come from but he still makes class interesting. He knows how to lighten the mood and create a good atmosphere. The only way I could imagine someone failing is if they never show up.
                
                   Great, hilarious professor (if you get his humor - I did). He does go off tangent sometimes but is quick to get back to lecture. Tests are simple, he did give out reviews beforehand. He can be a little unclear with his instructions - but just ask and he'll be more than happy to clarify. 
                
                   He's a very boring professor i would not recommend him at all he has this annoying stutter when he talks ad its really hard to understand him and he never replies to emails. 
                