
                   Cannot understand a word she says, covers material too quickly. 
                
                   Dr. Akelman is tough but very fair.  It is true lecture is from one prof and she does a Q&A session.  It is imperative to listen and take notes on each and every Q&A to be successful with the class.  I would take another class taught by Dr. Akelman.
                
                   Effective instructor. She knows the material and is ablr to teach it. Tough, but very fair.
                
                   Knows her stuff but isn't an effective teacher.
                
                   In addition to the problems already cited, I found her very defensive and needlessly Draconian.  A very frustrating class.
                
                   This prof makes easy material extremely confusing. Help sessions-useless.Once I starting asking around I was told(by other profs!)to drop her section.Previous comment regarding course structure was accurate.We are viewing material for one program and using another.Its a nightmare.BTW:If you are a grad student,no flexibility for days in the field.
                
                   Dr. Akleman was extremely helpful and very friendly.  Her online help sessions were organized and she always addressed the questions posted on the discussion board.
                
                   We 1) watch videos of someone else's lectures, 2) read textbook and 3) attend Q&A with her... and sometimes they all disagree! She's not helpful in resolving our confusion, and has numerous errors in her homework problems. I came in excited and now I'm frustrated. [Txbook# above is a lie; she gives PDF in class]
                
                   I found Dr. Akleman to be very thorough and very helpful.  I took her class via the internet.
                
                   Pretty darn bad at teaching. I'm expected to get an A or B in the class depending on my final, but I can honestly say everything I've learned has been self taught. I've been to every lecture, and can tell you it's worthless and most people don't show up. Doesn't help. Really long homeworks. Curves class 5 points but still doesn't help most people
                
                   Awesome professor, probably one of the best at A&M. I can't stand statistics but his tests where straight from his power points and the homework. The power points are confusing and he posts them online, but he leaves a lot of blanks that you have to go to class to get.
                
                   Dr. Fred is great- one of my favorite profs at TAMU just because he's a cool guy. He's really old and lectures are pretty boring but if you review the slides and can do the homework easily then you should do fine on the tests. Weekly homework, accepts late work, but there's a fair amount of it. If you're stuck office hours are pretty helpful
                
                   He's a really chill professor--he lets you out early every single class by at least 5-10 minutes. He's been teaching Stats for a really long time so he knows what he's doing when he teaches, and is able to answer any questions you may have. Having cheat sheets for the tests makes memorization a low priority, as long as you understand the material.
                
                   He is a great guy and knows the material, but not a great teacher. doesn't go into detail and explain thoroughly. myself and another student learned the material strictly from the book and learned more that way than lectures. HW is reasonable as long as you read the material. Tests are super hard, but he allows cheat sheets for all tests. 
                
                   Dr.  Dabney is great professor. If you have a question feel free to ask, especially when you need help with you R code. There is a lot of use of R in this course, so get ready to spending some nights  righting your code.
                
                   She's the worst teacher! I normally make all As, and I barely made a C in this class. If you pay attention and get 100s on the homework, you'll still make 30s on her exams (as that was usually the class average). The first part of the semester is super hard, but she curves at the end b/c everyone is failing. Tutor John is the only way to survive!
                
                   She's hilarious, but this class was honestly the hardest I have ever taken at A&M. If you think that you are just going to be able to go to class and not read the book, think again. Unfortunately, reading the book too doesn't really help either, since most of the examples from homeworks, quizzes, and the book are nothing like the ones on her tests.
                
                   She is a HORRIBLE teacher, so do not take her! She doesn't teach at all, she's so confusing with everything and thinks that you learning it on your own helps you... it doesn't! I went to Tutor John and that's what saved me in this class. Her tests are impossible because she makes them up herself.. if you can take someone else, do it!!!!
                
                   Worst Professor I have ever had!! I normally make A's and B's and the only people who did well were those who went to 4.0& go. She couldn't even get the online portion of the class to work for the first few weeks and I'm not even sure I got credit for labs that I was present. Save yourself the frustration and take anyone else.
                
                   Sweet as a button this lady! But oh my stars y'all this class was hard. The class was set up to where we taught ourselves. Who ever thought that method was gonna be a good idea needs to get fired. It made the class really hard. There's plenty of work to do but it isn't helpful for the exam. AVOID this class.
                
                   Dont recomment her course. It is pretty hard. Homework and quiz are nothing helpful for the exam. It doesnt look like a math course but a English course. She likes testin students all about confusing denfinition understanding.
                
                   This lady is so sweet! She's really nice and silly. But I really don't recommend her as a prof. Her class lacks structure and it's really difficult since she doesn't really teach. She allows cheat sheets but don't expect that so save you. Stay away from this professor, especially if you're not good at math already!
                
                   Julie is very nice, but the class has no structure to it. All the assigned homework is just busy work and don't really help you on the exam. Because it is a STATS class, you are allowed to have "cheat sheets" with you for the exams, but they are still difficult. It down to how she words the questions. Tends to curve at the end of the class though.
                
                   She's really nice and a great person, but she can be really confusing as a professor.
                
                   worst prof I ever had at Texas A&M. she had NO idea what she was doing and going to class was pointless...I only went because she gave us passwords in class to the homework and assignments.
                
                   Literally the worst teacher I've ever taken. Does not come prepared for lectures... not to mention her lectures are pointless. Tests have NOTHING to do with Statistics, it's just if you can read her. This is coming from someone who has high interest in the class and studied on a regular basis.
                
                   The tests are horribly worded, and she makes you feel stupid for asking questions. Would not recommend taking her if you want a good grade in the class. 
                
                   The professor was one of the horrible I've ever had.  He teaches basics from the institutes but his test gives very specific and the multiple answers doesn't give us a great way to learn. He doesn't give any partial credit for the work. He wants us to have the perfect for the homework and test. He's teaching ABC but wants us to apply with the sente
                
                   If you never programmed before, this class might be a little frustrating at times, but just dont wait last minute to do homework and youll be fine.   Test can be very tricky, but if you look over your homework and look over all the power points and really know the application of R and SAS youll do fine.  
                
                   I felt like this course was relatively easy considering it is a graduate course. The homeworks can take time but I could finish them in a day or two compared to several days for other courses. If you get stuck the discussion board is very helpful and Prof K even emailed me to help with my code once. The tests require that you know the codes well. 
                
                   In the first lecture he heavily emphasized how we weren't to e-mail him with questions and hasn't shown much willingness to help students at all. I am taking this class via distance education and I cannot go to office hours so I don't know how helpful he would be there but I can say there isn't much recourse for a distance student who needs help.  
                
                   He starts class on a sour note with comments about no begging & no whining. He doesn't like R which is half the class material. The SAS portion is straight from SAS Institute (same books&slides). Exams are multiple choice & multiple answer, covering nitpicky details instead of good programming skills. 
                
                   Thankfully, I knew R before this class. I will forgive the incomplete understanding of R as a result of taking STAT604 - it's a short semester. However,  his lectures lead to an incorrect understanding of R. His instructions are unclear and he  doesn't seem willing to specify more clearly or help. Also, WHO GIVES A MULTIPLE CHOICE PROGRAMMING TEST?
                
                   Not very clear in assignments. Each assignment is long and demands too much from students. I was taking this class to facilitate statistical analysis component of my research (I am not a statistic major), but his useless assignments were more geared towards making documents pretty. No statistics involved in the class at all.
                
                   Watch the lectures. Seriously. Do not skip this step. If you watch the lectures and take notes, the assignments are relatively easy. He is a funny guy, and the lectures are very well tailored to the weekly assignments. Accept imperfection on tests; they are reasonable, but there will be some questions that you are uncertain of no matter what.
                
                   weekly home works which each one is like a project by itself; if you do good on these, there is still no guarantee for a passing B grade considering difficulty with his exams;  no respect for student class, in his syllabus, referred to students as beggers; this mindset was obvious in his rules for the class. 
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   I had a very hard time understanding anything she was explaining. Her English is not good. Only two exams and a final. There is lots of online homework, but the homework average counts as an exam grade. Wouldn't recommend this professor.
                
                   I have a 3.6 GPA, I'm a senior, I have never dropped a class until this professor. This class wasn't hard, but she made it hard. Expect three exams 20 questions on the first two. Very bad at explaining things and not because of her accent  shejust wasn't born to teach. 
                
                   Hwa Chi seems to be a great person, but teaching is not her forte. I failed all 3 exams. (first two are 20%, final is 35%). Homework averages as an exam grade (20%), which helps. You have homework due on WebAssign every week which isn't all that difficult, and answers can typically be found online. My average was a 65 but she curved  it up to a C.
                
                   Knowledgeable.  His notes are good but you must attend all classes to get the details
                
                   Great lecturer, possibly the best I've had yet.
                
                   One of the best statistics teachers I have ever taken. He is very well organized, and gives good solid lectures. It's a lot of information to take in, so make sure you have extra time to study and read.
                
                   Statistics is pretty hard in general but Madoliat tests fairly easy.I would recommend him over Carol. He allows a cheat sheet for every test but I would still go for some tutoring. He copy and pastes a lot of his tests from previous ones. He ended up curving at the end of the semester. If you just need to get stats out of the way, take him.
                
                   He is hot! Come to his  class and enjoy.
                
                   Very hard to understand. Doesn't speak English very well. Tests were ok, allowed to use cheat sheets. Lots of homework.
                
                   Notes exactly like Carroll's. Go to help sessions, or tutor john's. Review his old tests. Make good notes for tests.
                
                   This class was ok...i wished he gave better examples during the class..does give quizzes so go to class. Try to go to his office hours if you don't understand anything...I felt like our test were sometimes tricky, but if you understand the material you are able to get a good grade
                
                   Lets you use notes on all of your quizes and tests. He has great lectures and relates many things to life. Even though he may seem "easy", do not take his class lightly. I went into class thinking that he was easy, you still need to put effort in like a math class. He posts his lectures on class if you ever miss!
                
                   Great professor!
                
                   Great professor! Take him :)
                
                   
                
                   I went to every class and still had to go to Tutor John to understand. He tried really hard to explain, but his accent and fast pace didn't help at all. Online homework every week which wasn't too hard but they're not similar to questions on the tests. Quizzes almost every class that can help your grade! He does allow cheat sheets and is a nice guy
                
                   He allows cheat sheets so you don't have to memorize anything just practice the exams he puts and class quizzes! plus other materials you may have etc. He encourages questions so ask in class! I didn't like asking questions when not in class he didn't seem very helpful then but in class he really is! He tries not to go at a fast pace. 
                
                   Terrible professor. He doesn't understand why he is a bad teacher and cannot explain things clearly. Homework is nothing like tests.
                
                   Honestly I would stay away from Sinha. He's really unresponsive and not clear on his explanations. I underestimated the amount of time this class would require because he wasn't as helpful as I had hoped. Luckily I discovered clutch prep which saved my life! Without it I probably wouldn't have been able to pass. I recommend using it if you take him
                
                   Doesn't answer emails, does not respond to students on discussion boards, tests are not representative to what is covered in class, communication minimal or non-existent for an online course, beware of the allowance of cheat sheetsmultiple choice tests, this just means the test will be close to impossible. 
                
                   Go to tutor john for this class and you'll make an A. Otherwise you will feel pretty lost, because he is extremely hard to follow. This class was a lot of stress for me.
                
                   Go to class for daily quizzes. He encourages questions, so don't be afraid to ask.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Professor Wang is the best professor I've ever had, including those in undergrad.  He is funny, extremely intelligent, and fair.  His best quality is that he cares A LOT about his students.  He wants everyone to succeed and will help you understand until you do.  Appropriately, he does expect a lot and his class is the most difficult I've taken.
                
                   Wickersham's lectures are well organized and the material is easy to understand.  Her tests can be a little tricky, but overall I recommend this lecturer.
                
                   Excellent teacher, highly recommended.  Clear lectures, always willing to help.
                
                   While this may have been a graduate course in Statistics, Dr Wehrly lectures as though you are his intellectual equal. Doesn't give many helpful examples and is very dry.  
                
                   Stat652-online is supposed to be a heavily JMP focused course. Dr. Wehrly does not know well how to use the software. He stops and tries to go back very often, which has made me very confused. He explains things unclear and a lot harder than are they. If you planned to take an online course with him, it's not too late to change your plan now.
                
                   Dr. Wherly was a little dry but hilarious, he always gave the solutions to the homework so you know exactly what you did wrong.  Great Q&As; great teacher.
                
                   Not my first stats class, but the clearest explanations I've ever seen.  He also deals with it in a 'real-world' sense that IMO helps keep the material from getting too abstract and overwhelming.  Outstanding!
                
                   Stat is supposed to be an easy class, and would have been so much better with an actual teacher. She is so hard to understand, and her lectures make no sense because she says the wrong numbers almost every time after giving a lecture. I would never recommend her. One time I walked into her office and all she said "you need to figure it out alone" 
                
                   Good Prof is really passionate about the subject and gives tons of examples. Also gives DETAILED slides with examples, home work, quizzes, and old exams to review for tests. She does a good job explaining sometimes I had hard time understanding in class but review the notes and practice no problem. Go to her office hours for help. She is a great!
                
                   She has a british accent, so understanding her sometimes is tricky. Her lectures are often amusing and she usually gets really into them. Study for her tests. She posts old exams that should be studied and homework that is optional. She uses webassign for quizzes and will drop the lowest score. Statistics is not that hard to understand, study!
                
                   Class material is very easy, unfortunately the tests have incredibly open-ended questions and there are only three of them. You're better off learning from the textbook, as he goes at a snail's pace. You can't skip class worry free due to occasional pop quizzes.
                
                   she explains things really well but I read the text for more in depth explanation. Her notes that you print of and fill in during lecture are all you need to study for the exams. Has clicker quiz for every lecture. She gave extra points on an exam where the average was low and she drops lowest HW grades. I had an 89.3 and she gave me the A. 
                
                   Dr. Kolodziej is one of the most amazing professors I have ever had.  I am shocked by the low reviews on this site. The class content is very tough. However, the Q&A sessions were extremely clear and helpful. I found her to be very knowledgeable. I can't wait to take her 608 class in the Spring!!!!
                
                   Another professors lectures were used. Personally I am not a fan of that set up but I understand that was not her fault. However, she did not know the material she was teaching and made the homework really confusing. What was worse is it was over the summer so it was accelerated. I didn't learn a thing I was too busy trying to just keep up. AVOID! 
                
                   Dont take her. Does not teach at all
                
                   Prof simply doesn't engage the student with insightful or concise information. Bubbly personality but no real teaching was ever given. Struggled the while semester without ever once feeling like she was truly helpful.
                
                   Not too hard to understand and lectures were straight forward. He curved every exam and offered 3 points on your final average if you wrote a 1 page paper about anything related to statics. If no curve extra credit was given then I would have ended up with a 75. Made an A in the class. 
                
                   Homework was given over each chapter, but it wasn't too bad. He sort of expects you to understand the material right away, so if you  don't understand something or don't go to class then you can easily get behind. The tests are tough and theoretical, but usually there is only two real choices. His lectures were entertaining with fun examples.
                
                   He is a decent professor, but the tests are very difficult. One would think it would be similar to homework or the practice exams, but they are not. This makes it difficult to prepare for the test if you are used to studying this way, like I am. The lectures are hard to get through at 8am. 
                
                   Don't do it
                
                   Hatfield thinks he his hilarious when he talks really fast and makes a lot of jokes in class, and rightfully so, I laughed to the point of tears often. However, he doesn't seem as funny when you show up to the test and feel hopelessly confused by altered question formats and confusing content. The course is very doable, but you will teach yourself.
                
                   Like 90% of the profs here, he gives sloppy lectures, and then curves some people up on the test in order to save himself from getting fired. I learned more from Khan Academy than sitting in his class. Very accessible and funny, though.
                
                   Hard class, but explains very well. He talks fast but he does mention that on the first day of class. If you attend lectures diligently, you will get used to his pace. He prepares you for STAT 212, and other STAT classes well.
                
                   he makes learning statistics very interesting and interactive.
                
                   Great teacher, really helpful, wants you to do well.
                
                   Hard class, but very helpful prof. If you want it, he'll make sure you know everything to get the A.
                
                   He's a cool guy, but he does not pull punches. If you bomb a test or miss a homework he will not pity you. He stopped letting us use the book on tests, but the homework isn't as hard as it used to be. Tests are pretty hard, but not ball busters. Over all he's one of the hardest in the department, but he is also one of the best.
                
                   He's funny, but he talks fast. He lets us use the book on the tests and two pages of notes. He goes through examples in class. Attendance isn't mandatory, but it definitely helps.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Loved Scott Crawford! He's animated and makes the material as entertaining and relevant as possible. I thoroughly enjoyed coming to class. Not to say course work is super easy it will challenge you to think but he is very helpful and wants you to understand the material. Take notes in class and do the work and you should do well.
                
                   He is an excellent prof. He occasionally sings to the class, and you can tell he really loves what he's teaching. He is always available and helpful. He's great, and highly recommended!
                
                   STAT 302 taken over the summer. Very good teacher, helpful, and pretty funny. You get what you put in, keep up with the material, get in a study group, and you will do very well. 5 A's out of the 6 people in my study group. Tests are worded tricky, but they kind of have to be or else it would be too easy. Overall good experience, recommended.
                
                   Seems like a nice guy at first, entertaining and animated with lecture and jokes.  But his tests are absolutely miserable.  They don't seem to follow the material taught in class and are as difficult as possible.  He literally tried to trick you.  If you must take him, I highly recommend Tutor John.  One of the hardest classes I've had at A&M.
                