
                   DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS! I'm warning you  you thik the homewok is easy and the tests are so hard! I cried during the first exam take anothe rprofessor for sure. Lectures are pretty boring and  concepts are hard to follow at times.
                
                   She is a good teacher, she just assumes you know all of these things, the tests are pretty hard, and it's a lecture everyday. We have online homework that's due every Tuesday at 5:00. But some parts of it are pretty interesting.
                
                   Wow. What a great professor. He goes everything clearly in the lectures and is quite humorous. He wants you to learn and if you put forth the effort in his class he will reward you with an A. I would take this course again in a heartbeat.
                
                   Great guy. Gives class candy everyday. Loves astronomy & knows what he's talking about. Extremely helpful & wants his students to do well--even tries to get to know everyone's names. Attendance is mandatory (daily clicker quiz), and warning: there is a lot of hw. If you go over the online hw before tests, you'll be fine. Offers lots of extra credit
                
                   I took ASTR 101 for my last science credit and I wasn't disappointed at all. Prof Macri is very engaging, entertaining, and a great speaker. The lectures are very interesting and attendance is taken with in class I-Clicker questions. He posts all of the material he uses in class on eCampus so studying for tests isn't bad. Would highly recommend.
                
                   Professor Macri is my favorite professor I've had at A&M. He is passionate about astronomy and he makes jokes throughout lectures. He has a pre-lecture video, pre-lecture reading quiz, homework assignments, in class clicker questions, and in class reading quizzes. It sounds like a lot but it really helps you pace your studying. EC. Very helpful.
                
                   Cannot recommend enough! Class counts as a science credit and I took it for that for an easy A. We get candy every lecture and take a break in the middle of lecture to eat candy and look at astronomy pictures. You need to put forth effort, and you need to show up, but if you do the homework, study for tests, and show up, it's an easy B+ to an A! 
                
                   He is very enthusiastic and passionate about astronomy.  I loved going to his class.  He is really funny and a great professor.  I would definitely recommend taking his class.  
                
                   Requires a large amount of homework, his tests are 12 written, 12 multiple choice. He's a great guy but the amount of time you'll need to spend studying to get an A is unreal. He is very willing to help but if you're not interested in Astro I don't recommend him. Attendance is required through iClicker.
                
                   Really knows the material, & is entertaining & hilarious. You don't HAVE to read the textbook, but you'll understand his lectures & the material much better if you do. Tests aren't really memorize & pass, you have to know the context of everything. Not the easiest class, but I really enjoyed it & would definitely take again!
                
                   Loved the teacher and the material was probably my favorite class this semester.  Dr. Macri would bring us m&m or tootsie rolls to class every lecture. I got by with just listening to the lectures and doing the homework.  For tests spend a lot of time making sure you know the homework and you will do great.  
                
                   Good class and fairly easy. You get one homework assignment per week and four tests during the semester. No cumulative final. The professor is nice and funny and knows his Astronomy. You can make an A but you'll have to study for it. its not just a blow off class.
                
                   Whatever you do, do not take this professor. I thought it was going to be an easy fun science, but I got a D doing extra credit and everything! His tests are unfair like he's weeding out people even though its an intro class. Take another professor at all costs! Cheers
                
                   GREAT teacher, very passionate about the subject, extremely entertaining in class. If you need a science for your major, this should be it! The class isn't sleep-through-it easy, and you do need to study if you want an A, but it's interesting and he's just such a nice guy that you won't mind the work too much.
                