
                   I absolutely love Crystal! She is an amazing professor who pushes you to work your hardest while providing excellent feedback to help you do better. 
                
                   Amazing woman.
                
                   
                
                   hot stuff, makes learning fun
                
                   He's a tough teacher, but he's honestly in it for the students advancement. Everything mean he says or does is to weed out the lazy students so he can focus on getting the serious students moving forward
                
                   Very tough professor! He said he would not like our work.  He does just about everything to get on your nerves to test your patience. He wants to build your character for criticism. During critique he will draw on your work so get ready to do it over again. Take a lot of notes! Work outside of class is expected and your grade will be reflected.
                
                   Great professor honestly. The lectures are a little confusing and can sometimes get off topic. Tough skin is needed for critique, but you honestly can't take it personally.  He is ultimately trying to help and make you a better artist. 
                
                   Scott Frish's classes are unquestionably difficult; he teaches a difficult subject. However, if you listen, ask questions, and can handle being told you need to move in another direction, you'll do fine. He's a brilliant man who is a bit difficult to take at first, but is well worth the effort. I learned SO much from him!
                
                   I started my BFA Frish's first year of employment at WT.  Being an artist with a different approach to his landed me on his naughty list. I respected his authority and honestly tried to learn from him. He proceeded to pick favorites and talk down other faculty and students (some were great artist) just because they did not subscribe to his "sayso".
                
                   This pretty much says & does whatever he wants & doesn't care who gets pissed off. Best thing to do, don't let him get to u. I think he tries to put students through a trial -see if u can withstand criticism. He is slightly partial to certain student. Try ur best to get on his good side -u'll be rewarded. Take good notes! & god forbid u miss class.
                
                   S. Frish takes interest in only those that pledge their allegiance to him, otherwise he'll either try to ruin you or ignore you. He is very unprofessional in the way he deals with other faculty and students that cause any friction for him. I suggest that students should try to stay in good enough standings w/ him in order to pass required course
                
                   Almost never in class and you barely use the books
                
                   I have been out of school for and have studied with several well known artist.  His classes got me on the right track and have been successful from the information imparted.
                
                   I love David rindlisbacher. He is by far my favorite teacher at WT. He is very kind and caring and has the most amazing stories. Unlike the other art profressors at WT he is open to all aspects of art!!!
                
                   he is a great teacher who is open to anyone and any style of art. he has great ideas but is open to letting you put your own style on his assignments. he dose talk a lot but if you can work while he talks you can have the whole class to work on projects while he humers you with his awosome stories. theres not a lot of lecture just help
                
                   he is a great teacher who is open to new ideas and will grade any style of art and will be able to help anyone progress in thier own style. he dose talk a lot but if u can learn to work and listen at the same time, you can have the whole class to work on projects and get some fun storys along with it.
                
                   He is a wonderful man full of spirit and knowledge anyone could learn new and interesting facts from him. You will enjoy his stories as well as his approach to art. Well I do...
                
                   Having him as a professor has been life changing for me. He has taught me an enormous amount and about art and life. He is a very sincere and has great character. I see it as an honor to have had him as a professor.
                
                   incredible mentor.  loved his style.  tells stories and makes class an experience.  very knowledgeable and nurturing.  scattered at times.  knows his stuff.
                
                   He plays favorites, if he does not like you he will ignore you and he is very vague, he also has tenure so he's not going anywhere
                
                   He is arguably the most helpful studio teacher at WT. He loves what he does and if you love art too, you'll get a long well. Has a strange taste in music, but it's a fun one - he plays it in studio classes. He's really laid-back and doesn't seem to want anyone to fail. But he really appreciates hard work and dedication.
                
                   Pick his brain.  He has a lot to say, but its a challenge to read his writing.  Revett is an artist who will tell you what you're doing wrong, and help you understand how to fix it while you're working.   He will challenge you to see if you can withstand criticism.  He will play music while you work, respect his music, it can be a little weird.
                
                   easy to follow. gives slide and vocab lists for each section.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   EASY EASY. Look up his class on quizlet. Lots of good notes on there. Pretty much gives you the answers to the quizzes and tests. If not, they're in the lecture notes.
                
                   Class was an easy A as long as you printed off the lecture notes and used them for the exams.  Most all questions were in the lecture notes.  Research paper was a little of a pain but he gave you the whole semester really to do it so not too bad.  Lecture notes were the KEY to passing quizzes and test.  You have to blog a couple of times.
                
                   Took this class online. I ENJOYED the videos. He gives plenty of chances to earn extra credit with discussions which is appreciated. I mostly read his lecture notes. And the first few pages of each chapter and made an Nice A
                
                   His class was difficult in a way but not in others.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   She's a very good teacher. Very professional. Will not tolerate meanness. But, always helpful if you need it. Plus, the textbook isn't USUALLY required!
                
                   Took it online. All the answers are on quizlet. Quizzes and both exams. Don't buy the book
                
                   I love Diane. She is one of the best ballet instructors I have ever had. Although her grading was tough, she was fair and explained why we got the grade we did. She was knowledgeable of the subject and really enjoyed teaching it. She is a wonderful person and teacher.
                
                   A great class and a great teacher overall. The assignments were easy and interesting and the teacher is more than willing to help.
                
                   He's tough, which is helpful, but also at times frustrating.  His instructions are sometimes confusing and you have to guess on what he's trying to say, but he will let you know when he likes your stuff.  Not great with names, he remembers you  from the work you do (which is usually a good think).  If you're in Viz, he'll be your teacher eventually
                
                   Professor doesn't know what he wants, and instructionsgrades are totally made up. I learned nothing, (since he never teaches how to DO something) and wasted a ton of time I could have spent on other classes.  Projects have unclear instructions which he can change at whim, and it's hard to get a hold of him to see what he wants. Disrespectful.
                
                   Hes great. Super nice and really cares about us. But his lectures are repetitive and usually unnecessary. I can't say i learned anything in the class, but I have made some art I am proud of. Grading criteria isn't specified and it is extremely difficult to make an A on anything without knowing what he wants. He has an idea and expects it made by u.
                
                   You can tell he really loves what he does but his class wasn't all that helpful. He does not teach technique which forces you to just figure things out on your own. Making an A is unlikely unless you're an incredible artist. 
                
                   He's a great person and a mostly clear teacher, however he sometimes loses projects and may make you redo them even though he lost them. This problem can be avoided if you keep on top of things, but by that I mean going to his office and looking through his piles of papers to find your work. Also you will have absolutely no idea about your grades.
                
                   amazing teacher, a little sarcastic and negative but its all part of the plan. this class is not for you rainbow and unicorn people (you know who you are)
                
                   Very good teacher, i learned alot. if you care about the class then he will help you alot. it is not easy but he is one of my favorite professors.
                
                   Be prepared for a headache.  The classes are easy... however, he tends to bring his personal irritants into the studio and will flip-flop on what he thinks about your work easily.  Please remember that when taking Bird, focus on what you enjoy rather than what he does.  You will get much more out of the class if you do.
                
                   Mr. Bird is a extremely difficult yet effective teacher. for all of those students that think he's a bad teacher because he didn't cut you some slack because you were having a bad day...get over it. You're in college to learn and if you can't handle it you need to go to a community college where they will go easier on you.
                
                   he was not interested in helping those students who did not know what they were doing. He seemed to favor those that exceeded in drawing abilities.
                
                   He's totally messed up and will not work with you...never get sick and warn your friends not to either.  Dont miss one class too many and dont ever go in there having a bad day cuz he'll hold it over your head.  He's rude and will make you feel like an ant that hes about to step on. He's bad.
                
                   Mr Bird is hard as nails on the outside... when you first enter his class he can intimidate you a little and make you feel like you suck at drawing (which you probably do)... he will make you see yourself in a different light and help you draw much better.  Dont take him to relax though..he's tough.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Graduate student, teaching drawing.  He does a good job.  A little hard and picky at first, but if you want to get good, get him.
                
                   craig plays favorites, is sometimes a bit aloof, says &quot;alls&quot; a whole bunch, and rarely gives a's.  he likes environmental portraiture a lot since he's a photojournalist.  he's the only damn teacher that won't give an A for simply trying.  and tha
                
                   Get ready for favoritism to a mass degree, try and switch if you can.
                
                   Never available to help students. Always leaves class and photo labs early. Refuses to acknowledge any work outside of his proverbial box. Often found my grades suffering for not doing the same generic thing, over and over. Cocky. Makes quizzes/tests full of double negatives.
                
                   This guy wants you to learn photography really well.  A bit tough, but he just expects you to do your best and take pride in your work.  He has fun projects.  I think he's the BEST photo professor!
                
                   I don't know, why he lets Ginger Sisco Cook teaches this class. Both are BAD and their department is boring.  They will makes your GPA get low.
                
                   absolutely a great teacher and a great guy.  The world could use a whole lot more just like him.
                
                   One of the most helpful people and genuinly caring people in the whole university.  He works really hard to help everyone.  Great guy with a good heart.  Funny as hell too.
                
                   sweetheart
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Great Teacher, very helpful, I learned alot
                
                   If you are not a 3 dimensional person it's kinda rough, NOT an easy A, worked my butt off for a B, though it was a summer class so... maybe he is better in traditional semester times, hard to get the assignments done on time
                
                   this guy is lazy and way too general on assignments, then way too specific with the grading.  if you don't do something he'll like, don't expect a good grade.  his art blows too...
                
                   great guy...stupid class, wish i could have skipped it (drawing 1), but he's really easy....just dont take it at 8:00....the movies and slides will put you to sleep.
                
                   He was a great professor!
                
                   He is a very good teacher, strict on attendence but makes class time fun. Do the work, show up and you will pass. Listen to his advice and you will improve immensely. Had him for Drawing 1 and Intro to painting, will continue to take him in as many classes as possible. Only outside assignments are 3 essays each semester where you carry onto 3rd pg
                
                   He will make sure you know what you're doing wrong. Sometimes contradictory, but overall, he will push you to be a better writer and better artist.
                
                   Passionate about art and interested in teaching students how to render accurately.  Helpful constructive criticism.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Spectacular art teacher, loved every class I've had with him.  I'm not gonna lie, he pushes you hard but it is so worth it, he teaches you so much in the process.
                
                   He is the best art teacher that I've had. It explains everything clearly.
                
                   He cares about the students and a good teacher.  You can tell he likes art
                
                   He is the best art teacher I've had.  Fairly tough, but very very helpful.
                
                   Professor Wadley knows what he's talking about and clearly has a passion for Art History. All you really have to do is show up to class,  and look at slideshows. If you have a photographic memory, you'll be fine!
                
                   Professor Wadley was a really fair person, clear speaking. Assignments were easy, tests were easy. It was one of the easiests classes I had ever taken, however, I learned so much from him! HIs lectures were incredibly interesting, and now that the class has ended, I find myself noticing art pieces and wishing he was there to tell me all about it. 
                
                   Very easy and actually interesting.
                
                   Great professor. Very passionate about Art. Tests are not easy. Gave an "extra credit" 10 question outcomes exam at the end of the semester adding 2 points to average per correct answer.
                
                   He is a really great professor! He is very passionate about Art History and he makes you interested with all his stories. He also cares about his students. If you listen during his lectures and read the assigned chapters you should have no problem making an A.  Oh and you can earn 5 point of extra credit by Art Gallery sitting!
                
                   Class is full lecture. You can tell Dr. Wadley is passionate about art. Read the chapters in the book or it'll be difficult to pass. Really if you just pay attention in class and read the chapters, you'll make an easy 100. Not to mention, there is also 5 points of extra credit to be earned!!
                
                   If you pay attention you will have no problem passing, class is full lecture, and tests are easy.
                
                   He is the best professor i've ever had. Had his class at end of the tuesday for 3 hours and always looked foward to it. Best art class ever.
                
                   Listen and pay attention, and you will do well.  He is a very interesting man and very knowledgeable about...well, pretty much everything.  He is very easy to pay attention to and has a great speaking voice.  Get him to speak Italian or French.  It's hot.
                
                   took him at the Collin campus, he is AWESOME!! i had his 3 hour class on wednesdays and i never dreaded a single minute of it! just listen and youll make an easy A! (this isnt hard to do because he is SO interesting and full of energy! you can tell he LOVES teaching!) very nice, intelligent man teaching a fun class! would definately take him again!
                
                   Very good teacher. Knows what he's talking about and even though I never asked for help he offered it to me when I ran into him outside of class. I thought he made class very easy. No essays all multiple choice tests. If art history wasn't so boring, I would take the 2nd one just to have him as a teacher again.
                
                   Professor Wadley is an amazing teacher, as stated before he used his own slides, and I ended up taking Art History 2 because he made Art History 1 so interesting. He is an extremely passionate teacher, and his excitement about the subject can get anyone interested in Art History!
                
                   Art history is not something I'm interested in at all but he made the class interesting.  Almost all of the slides he used were his own because he's traveled everywhere.  Very nice and extremely helpful.  You should definitely take his class if you get a change.
                
                   This class is wonderful. Dr. Wadley is a world class professor. Even if you are only semi interested in art you will absolutely love it. Pay attention and review a day or two before the test and you will do fine. He is extremely helpful and caring if you have nay problems.
                
                   Very good teacher!!! Just go to class and listen to the lectures which can be boring and highlight what he talks about in the book.
                
                   Wadley was the BEST professor that I took my FRESHMAN year! All you have to do is pay attention and study some slides and you'll get an A! He works with students so that if you miss a class, he'll schedule time just for you so he can help you study! BEST TEACHER HANDS DOWN!!!
                
                   Dr. Wadley was the best teacher I had in my four years at Commerce.  He is extremely knowledgeable and helpful, and his lectures are amazing.  Most of the slides are his own images as he has traveled around the globe.  I ended up taking three classes from him simply because I thought he was a fantastic instructor.
                
                   Absolute gentleman, excellent teacher.  I only wish I could take more classes from him!
                
                   Professor Wadley was a very down to earth professor and he is very nice.  He will help you if you need anything and is probably one of the best and nicest professors at Commerce!  He has been to mostly all of the places that he talks about, which is neat beacuse his slides are the ones that he took!
                
                   Probably one of the greatest teachers to walk through the doors TAMU-Commerce.
                
                   Jilissa can be tough, but it is definitely tough love. Show up to class, dance to your best ability, and just enjoy yourself and you'll do fine. Also, write your paper or you'll lose out on what could be an "easy" A. You only get two absences, so choose wisely and the dance demo at the end of the semester is your final.
                
                   She clearly has a passion for what she is doing but is a little intimidating at first. Because of her, I've taken a number of dance classes and will probably get my certification! Also, we're pretty sure that she is a spy for the KGB. Or is a counter spy for the US. She is fluent in Russian and Spanish and misses a lot of class. It's suspicious.
                
                   Jack is awesome. Without his encouragement, I would have dropped the class. Very supportive of his students. He's always there to help when you ask for it. Knows a lot about metalworking. I learned more from him in one semester than I had in a year of sculpture classes with other instructors. Gives great constructive criticism.
                
                   He is great! An awesome professor. He is also funny! if you need help he is totally there for you. You might have to make an effort at times to get his help, but once he is helping you he puts 100% into it. He really helped me with my BFA! Would take his class again in a minute.  
                
                   I took Sculpture 1 with Jack. He knows his stuff and is incredibly helpful. He'll let you solve problems on your own if you don't ask questions (it's part of learning) but if you need help he's there for you. His class is enriching. Show up, do your work, challenge yourself, talk to him and listen to what he has to say. He's a great guy and teacher
                
                   he doesnt teach drawing so the previous post is from an idiot            with love
                
                   he doesnt teach drawing so the previous post is from an idiot
                
                   Very helpful.Constructive criticizm. Will help you with anything if you ask as long as you are serious in his class and complete all homework assignments. HIGHLY RECOMENDED for Drawing 1 class. No textbooks were used.
                
                   Very encouraging and supportive with his students. Teaches students to embrace their own style of painting. Encourages students to be objective about their own work and problem-solve. Gives excellent constructive criticism, and he helps students strengthen their weaknesses.
                
                   Professor Monsivels is completely amatueur at what he teaches. His knowledge of art is minimal at best, and his organization is laughable. He's difficult to approach with questions because he simply does not know his material! However, the class ALWAYS ends early, and we often only stayed for 30 minuts of the 2 1/2 hour alloted time.
                
                   Course is helpful, graduate students that teach are a beneficial  way to encompass the students
                
                   He can be wish-washy and lack straightforwardness. Most of his attention goes to having an image of being a philosopher and things that are "cool." He can be very unapproachable half the time and hard to get honest feedback from in general. He likes to micro-manage and can get too personal. Follow the rules, do your work, and get it over with.
                
                   Not very thorough in explaining techniques that actual painters use and puts a lot of emphasis on his, often self-contradicting, perception of what makes a good painting. Not very confident in what he is saying or painting, afraid to give real criticism or help to most students, and hides behind a self-made accent. Too inconsistent for me to trust.
                
                   Good teacher, too much information on oils, not painting all around,
                
                   She is probably one of the coolest and most personable teachers I have ever had. She will help when asked and always has helpful feedback during crits. Loves to let students  express themselves through photos
                
                   prof treats college students like babies and plays favorites. if she doesn't like you you're screwed. she doesn't show you how to use a camera just auto mode and photoshop. she corrects/contradicts herself alot which confuses students. if you're serious about photo or want to take any upper level photo classes take greg spaulding's level one class.
                
                   Her class it quite interesting, she definitely willing to help and her critiques are easy. She does quizzes for the history  part but it's pretty easy. And she loves doing field trips.
                
                   One of the best photography professors. She's really cool and laid back. The class is amazingly easy. If you like photography, she's definately the one to take.
                
                   He's great at what he does. He will help you if you ask for it. If you are taking him as an Art major, I Would get to know him because he can really help you out. If you are taking his class because you need an art credit, he will help you. He can also be a funny guy if you get to know him. He helped make me feel at home in the Art department. 
                
                   He's an awesome professor. His way to critique is very dynamic.  He takes his time to explain to you any question. I Love Him!
                
                   Very enthusiastic prof. Great discussions on the subject. Fantastic critiques for the design assignments. If you work hard and have good attendance you will get a lot out of the class.
                
                   dude, get a real job! u really suck!
                
                   too much work if you have to worry about other classes
                
                   A very knowledgable professor who actually CARES about improving our dept.
                
                   Who does this guy think that he is&#63; He gives more importance to mounting than design. He is a terrible prof with little care for the students. Avoid him!
                
                   good class, but puts too much emphasis on mounting the work, instead of the work itself. good guy though.  hard grader.
                
                   very good art teacher..gives constructive criticism and motivation
                
                   He is truly the best professor in the Art Department. I have taken a class with all of the professors and Reyna is the most professional, thourough and dedicated. He is always in the classroom and available for help in the class or after. He's an artist!
                
                   Too strict. Best teacher in the Art department. He should teach all the classes.
                
                   He is awesome. He should be the only person allowed to teach painting at Tamuk. Take Doc and he doesn't teach you anything & doesn't care to. Barraza is too busy to teach, but could if she'd make time. Reyna is serious & knows his stuff!!!!!!
                
                   serious about teaching students about painting. take him if you want to learn the right way to paint at tamuk. makes you question everything in art. good discussions with this guy.
                
                   Wow can this guy can teach painting and give you a great critique. His the best think that happened to a painting class at TAMUK in a long time. Take him if you REALLY want to learn how to paint.
                
                   I LOVED Painting class. So EASY! all you have to do is show up like you are supposed to and not skip or your painting will be behind. You only paint like 4 paintings and you get an A as long as you complete it like he says. He will help you and everything. I finished early usually and didnt stay all class. Im not an art major, but i enjoyed it!
                
                   He's blunt! As an art major I'm able to appreciate his awesomeness! Non majors that take his class don't understand the art vocabulary he uses(even though he gives them a vocab. sheet). It's your own fault if you don't understand him. He's very helpful if you chose to listen.                   P.S. clear coat = varnish *which protects your art work
                
                   Greatest guy ever! He is super fun to talk to! I'm not in his class anymore but we still say hello in the halls. Great painter. I don't know what these other people are talking about. He can turn random paint strokes into a piece of art! Maybe he is weird...but thats why hes awesome! One of my favorite teachers in this school.
                
                   I was very dissappointed with this class. He paints for you and the work ends up looking like grade school. My parents thought my art was bad & I explained there was not instruction. Then he puts a glossy finish on your work, looks cheap and terrible. Avoid this strange class man.
                
                   Stay away from all of his classes. Take him if you want the world to laugh at what you make in his class. Look at display of our work in his class, everybody laughs and wonders what is going on, is anybody teaching in there&#63; Hello earth to mars.Its ba
                
                   He don't care aboout us and he is a bad teach. I can never understand his English, talks in cirlcles. Easy A grade take the class for a easy A!!!!
                
                   His class had no point. Didn't learn anything. Buy a book instead and ya'll will do better.  Why is this man still working when he doesn't teach you anything&#63;
                
                   As an art education major I need to know how to operate the kiln, make glazes and learn about firing temperatures. You won't learn any of this in his class. I had to learn how to run a kiln in my student internship class in Bishop.
                
                   Nice and funny guy. Comes up with stuff out of thin air. Should be a comedian. Not sure if he should be an art instructor anymore though. Perhaps being a comedian should be his next venture. Wut up DOC!
                
                   This man should be fired. Just look at the work made in his class. I didnt learn how to throw on the wheel becuz he cant teach it. He blames the wheels, well fix them mister.  Go hunting, go do something but stop teaching. Never show up & get A, way togo
                
                   I am an engineering major. I completed only one project and received an A grade. The clay piece was terrible. I recommend him if you don't care if you learn anything and you want an easy A grade. He knows nothing about clay or glazes. Awful.
                
                   Jessica loves ceramics and she will help you out in and out of class.  She requires you to have a sketch book for each class you take with her.  Be prepared to work outside of class because it's expected, and will be reflected in your grade.  Critique is a group effort, she will give you a quality critique if you participate.
                
                   Took him for American Popular Music. Great professor and very helpful. He kept it interesting. There are assignments that must be done but as long as you do them and follow the guidelines you'll do well.
                
                   Not a bad professor. My biggest complaint is that he relies too much on modern media (Podcasts, Youtube, etc) to administer student projects. I found myself having to download plenty of programs for my computer just to be able to complete the assignments.
                
                   I have taken him for two course and I hope I can find another for next semester! Always communicates with his student and really makes an attempt to get to know you! I have never enjoyed checking my grades online before taking his courses! He just expects you to put forth the effort and in turn I highly doubt you will fail!
                
                   Such a great teacher! He really understands and even reached out to me when I fell behind, I have taken a lot of classes and he was my fav so far!!
                
                   Just a stellar course and professor! I learned so many things that I should have learned long before my junior year. My writing skills and research methods have improved greatly and I know it is going to greatly contribute to my future studies. I highly recommend this professor and this course. Lots of writing and reading, but you'll learn TONS.
                
                   Mr. Bayless is a sincere, dedicated, and fair professor. I would take a class from him any time. He makes the class interesting and inspires his students to participate and think for themselves. I am confident that any class he teaches would be a great experience and it would be worth the cost.
                
                   Excellent teacher!  He is helpful and wants students to succeed.  Assigns a lot of writing assignment and expects the work to reflect proper writing structure (college level quality, not high school).  Willingly answers questions and quickly replies to email.  I highly recommend Professor Bayless.
                
                   This profesor is awesome! Inspires people to think. Very bright yet humble and exceedingly well versed in his field.
                
                   I have taken two of his FA class. He is very thoughtful teacher that knows his stuff. I would love for him to start another class so that I could take him again. There is alot of reading, but you will fall in love with the books. There is two assignment to turn in a week, so get ready. I really loved both class.
                
                   He is never there, his TA is. Make sure you complete all the assignments and go to class. Go extra time too! If you complete all the assignments you will be fine. Get on his TA's good side, if not he will break your stuff and take it away.
                
                   Great Class but he was never there. Got mad , never took attendence. i did learn how to make stuff but not from him.
                
                   This professor is amazing. He has been everywhere and done everything. he gives inspiration and oppertunities to his students. if your looking to go far in the world of art, him and his talented wife will get you there!!
                
                   good. should watch his temper. should be better organized for class. he loses everything. great teacher, bad temper.
                
                   Good teacher and his wife helps out too. His wife taught me how to make clay and how to paint with the underglazes, I reccomend this class if you want to learn alot about art and sculpture and be an artist. His wife is helpful and cares
                
                   Great addition to the art department. Part of the new guard at TAMUK that are changing things for the better at the art dept. He preaches a hell of a lot so make sure you soak it all up. Wise man with lots of experience.
                
                   Totaly radical teacher. Spunky. Agree with the previous comments, keep your spouse out of the classroom. She shouldn't be in there.
                
                   He's the greatest thing since sliced bread. He teaches and preaches. Please no more stories about teaching in Canada. Super hard, but incredeble. I'm not a major but could be after his class. But please keep his wife out of class, she interrupts too much.
                
                   Professor Forehand is terrible. He would force you to like the same type of art as he do. An art professor should not have to force their student to have the same type of view as the teacher because art is something that people use to express them self. forcing someone to think that this type of art is bad and this art is good is absurd.
                
                   awful just plain awful. if you love art, please avoid him. He is now teaching at Lone Star College North Harris. I had to drop.
                
                   Absoloutely terrible &quot;professor&quot;. Does not explain clearly and has a bad attitude. When you ask him ANYTHING he will give you a wierd look, and sometimes you don't even get an answer. If you love art, DO NOT take this guy. RUNRUNRUN.
                
                   Nasty.  He makes it obvious he doesn't want to be there.  Seems to have no passion for teaching or helping students learn how to draw.
                
                   Needs to practice his lessons more. Sometimes we don't understand him and when we ask for help he looks confused. Telling us to go to the library doesn't help either, thats why he's our teacher. Learned alot in his class, wish I had taken him for beg draw
                
                   Bring food and a hard skin.
                
                   He's tough and has high expectations. Unfortunately, many of the students complain he's too hard. That's because they've had it easy and haven't been taught much by the other old timers who should retire because they don't teach and don't exhibit.
                
                   This guy is tearing sh*t up in a good way in printmaking and art at TAMUK in general. I would say that he is a real professor because he cares about the students competence level in art unlike some other professors there. Good addition to art dept.
                
                   Dr. Logsdon is one of the best teachers I've ever had. He taught me things that I've thought about for years. I continue to be thankful for the knowledge, kindness, and wisdom he shared with me.
                
                   He is an amazing teacher. He is really cool and easy going. Just be an adult. Own up to your mistakes, don't expect to do A+ if you don't attend class. And just listen to him. He has a great sense of humor, and a really amazing teacher.
                
                   He was a great professor, very easy, and very lenient.  As long as you did what was asked of you, which was pretty much just show up, then everything went quite smoothly.  I would reccommend him to anyone.
                
                   Love the music he picks. He was the mentor of my high school choir director and since i learned alot from him, u can imagine how i feel about this guy.
                
                   Three cheers for Dr. Logsdon!  You gotta love a prof who makes funny noises during rehearsals....fun stuff!  He's a great guy and makes music fun....except for when he makes us sing in French.  Then he's not so cool.  But that's not all the time. :D
                
                   A difficult class, but he wants you to do well.  He will do any reasonable request to help you study and pass.  He makes you learn it though.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   He helped me out so much! and hes a great guy...i recommend him to anyone...
                
                   nice guy
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Awesome professor
                
                   You have to ask him for help. But once you do he is more than willing to show you how. Louis is more than will to go the extra mile to help you out. But you have to show that you want to learn. He can get off track but if you talk to him he will circle back around to the selected topic. He knows a lot about a lot of different things. Just ask!
                
                   He's a great teacher. He encourages you to work and learn on your own. He'll help if you ask for it. He's very knowledgeable about a lot of things. Anything from the negative reviews on here sound like a different person. Perhaps they weren't paying attention. I found him helpful, kind, and somewhat eccentric, and always fair.
                
                   He may be a bit of a headcase, but he knows his stuff, and if you show an interest in trying to do well in his class, he will generally be good to help you out.
                
                   Biggest hippy ever! If you are not a hippy DONT take his class... he is rude to everyone except hippies! He gets mad at people for doing everyday things like eating meat and saying mr. and mrs.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   At first I thought he was a really cool guy, but it turns out he's just a space cadet. He teaches the very basics and then takes off into his own little little world. He would lose his head if it wasn't attached. And with our final review/critique he would tell those who were not naturals to &quot;move into a different media&quot; ie get out of my class.
                
                   Graphic design.  She's an alright teacher, when she's there.  I understand that she has a new baby, but why did I pay so much for a class that's canceled half the time&#63;  Everything feels like busywork. Still, you learn some interesting things.  I would have taken figure drawing instead, though, if I'd known what the class was like.
                
                   Julia is such an awesome professor! She really knows a lot about her field, she is so much into arts, specifically printmaking. She is really fun, you'll never see her angry or sad, she's never boring. She cares a lot about her students. Do not skip her classes (you will not want to skip them anyway). She is a really interesting person. 
                
                   This class was geared towards non-majors and therefore to me was a little boring. The professor is really nice and funny. Art is just not for me, though I did feel the class was valuable.
                
                   This instructor does not waste her time on students that are not serious. Incredibly knowledgeable and a great artist that will go out of her way to assist a dedicated student. If you want a blow-off class, avoid this instructor. If you want a true professional you are in the right place. She is not cold; she expects maturity and dedication.
                
                   I don't know why everyone is saying she is so cold. She was always joking around and cutting up when I took her. Great teacher! Great sense of humor! Wants you to learn the material just like any other respectable professor.
                
                   Frey is a great artist, she is always willing to help and shows interest in student work.  She is a little serious and might seem a little cold at first but after a while you see what a great instructor she is.  Don't expect to skate by in this class, nor should you want to.  I recommend her if you are serious about art in any form.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Great artist! Horrible teacher!  Very cold personality and just a downer in general.
                
                   She knows her subject, and she wants you to know as much as you possibly can!  She is a bit tough on you..has high expectations.  But if you want to get good, take her.  She's not the warmest, but if you work REAL hard and dedicate pretty much your entire free time to her, you may survive.
                
                   He's very helpful and made up for the lack of clarity presented by the other teacher of the subject. He's fantastic to look at. And also, he made my life SO much easier with his advice on the class. Hes a tough grader, but respectable because he has reasons to back it up. Everyone's favorite prof!
                
                   Don't take him. We have 5 exams, and only the first two were graded, leaving the student in their misery and unable to measure their performance in class. All about talking but never realize what he said. Not recommend this instructor to any other.
                
                   This professor can only talk. He did not do what he talked. All about promise. No responsibility. Not an easy class so definitely not the teacher you want. 
                
                   The system for Engr 111 last semester was questionable, but he did his best with the task given to him. Personally liked him, and he did relate things to real life making it more interesting.
                
                   DO THE MODULES AND THE PROJECTS WITH YOUR BEST EFFORT. Learning in class is minimal, but that's where you get your (sometimes multiple) daily grades, in the form of quizzes. A lot of the course emphasis is on the 2 tests and the projects over the course.
                
                   One test and a final. Quizzes every day. Doesn't really teach-- all of the lessons are on online modules that you're supposed to walk from homework and then you're quizzed over them the next day (our TAs went over a few questions first but that didn't always help). A LOT of group work.
                
                   Good teacher, although the TAs did a lot of the reviews for our modules. He tries to make teaching interesting and relates a lot of the material to his personal experiences as an engineer so you can see how its important
                
                   no comments
                
                   A great artist. Not the best professor. Should stick to art and not focus on the history because he made several historical errors
                
                   He is a little goofy, but the class is good.
                
                   5Q quizzes,tries to make notes interesting, test kind of hard, has extra credit
                
                   One of the BEST profs I've ever had.  13 years later, I still remember the life lessons taught.
                
                   nice guy, cares about students, don't let his looks scare you, great teacher for metalsmithing
                
                   Was awesome. Really enthusiastic about teaching and seeing what we were going to produce. Don' t expect too much insight into the project. He's pretty vague, but it leaves you many options to work with. 
                