
                   This is the worst geology class that I have taken. My advice to you is to take Dr. Schultz. This class was terrible besides the fact, that she compares everything that she says to that of a kindergartener. The test are a joke, not fair at all. Avoid this class at all class.
                
                   Goes off on tangents easily.  Says that he won't be hard, but then is.  Assignments were few, but that made the tests harder to prepare for.  Little feedback.  Many engineers signed up for the class, so he shifted its focus for them (really lame for the geology students).  I was expecting an A, got a B.
                
                   If you don't follow her instructions to the letter, you're done for.
                
                   Chester is a decent prof.  He gives you detailed study guides, and there aren't any surprises on the tests.  He gave us 5 point curves on the exams.  Lectures aren't thrilling.  If you want a good grade, read the book.  It covers the same material as his lectures.  The one time I emailed him he responded right away.   The lab can be tough.
                
                   He is a tough prof, but he cares about you learning the material. Always makes himself available for questions and help. Gives good study guides. Tests you over exactly what he lectures you and tells you to know about. Put in the work and you wont get less than a B.
                
                   Lectures: Feel long cuz he talks a lot, goes off tangent often and mutters, but he's a nice guy, skipping a few classes won't hurt Tests: Free response, pretty tough, expect diagrams, don't underesetimate Lab: blow off, finished quickly Studying: book good for referencing, he provides study guides which are VERY HELPFUL, pay att to powerpoints
                
                   The biggest issue with Dr. Chester's class is his exams: 3, all entirely free-response essay/reproduce the diagram. He doesn't test your understanding of geology but rather your ability to memorize the textbook. Lectures are fairly dry, you need to attend for in-class activities. The lab portion is interesting & fun! Avoid this prof if you can
                
                   Chester is very knowledgeable of the subject but the tests are all write out (compared to multiple choice in other classes) and are pretty difficult if you don't know everything about the topic. He has occasional in class assignments that are his way of taking role. If you are not there for 2 of them, he takes off credit for attendance. 
                
                   Dr. Chester is a very caring professor with a great personality, and he actually made the subject pretty interesting to me, but he is much harder than other professors for a class like this. The tests were very difficult (all diagrams and write outs, no multiple choice), and there were only 3 (2 midterms and a final) which I hate.
                
                   Dr. Chester makes Geology 104 WAY too difficult. I had to Q drop & now I'm chaining majors. He makes his tests are insane. There's only 2 tests & they are all free response. You're expected to reproduce many diagrams & he will flip them on the test to confuse you. He would go off on tangents so you don't know what info was needed. DO NOT TAKE HIM.
                
                   DO NOT TAKE CHESTER. He makes his exams too difficult, he has too much time on his hands and creates paragraph long questions, charts, and diagram questions. VERY SPECIFIC QUESTIONS. WORST PROFESSOR I EVER TOOK. HE IS VERY DISCOURAGING AS WELL, he tells students they will do bad and that his exams will be hard! NO CURVES
                
                   He is very difficult. This is supposed to be an intro class and I know of many freshmen geology majors that are changing their majors because this class scared them out of it. He is extremely difficult and the only people who do well are the petroleum engineers who have a year under their belt. Not recommended for freshmen at all.
                
                   Dr. Chester makes his class extremely difficult when it doesn't have to be. There are 2 exams and a final. Each exam has 10 short answer/drawing diagram questions that are extremely specific and difficult to answer. I had to Q drop the class. If you can, TAKE EVERRETT. Their exams were 20 m/c A B or C questions. It'll make a huge difference in GPA
                
                   Chester is an extremely difficult professor.  His tests are impossible.  It is all replicating a bunch of different diagrams that he'll try and squeeze into one half page question and then short essay questions. His tests are extremely specific as well and you have to know every little detail.  If you can take a different prof over him DO IT.
                
                   Chester gives the MOST difficult tests, very unnecessary and they are too in-depth for an intro class. He expects you to basically know every little detail and process and gets a little too creative with diagrams, charts, and tables on tests. Worst class I ever took in college, he needs to go write a geology book if he's so passionate.
                
                   Hard as hell!  Almost everyone gets a 'B.'  He gives a truly staggering amount of readings.  Assignments are few, had a midterm and final.  If you ask for help outside of class, he will keep it brief.  On the bright side, you'll learn a lot overall.  You'll also have many resources to draw upon.
                
                   He was a great professor, even if you aren't interested in geology. I feel like I got a really good foundation in his class. Even with a 8am lecture, he would make the material interesting enough that you would want to go to class.
                
                   Everett is great and I would definitely recommend him. He gave 4 midterms all 20 questions mc, worth 5 to 20% (increasing by 5 per midterm) The final is worth 25%, 30 questions mc. The lab grade is worth 25%. No homework aside from reading. His setup is good, but for me I got too lazy, did bad on a midterm  and didn't do as well as I wanted.
                
                   Dr. Everett is great! He gives 4 tests and a final each increasing in percentage of final grade. ( 5%-25%) His tests are 20 question multiple choice ABC except for the final which is 30 questions. Definitely take Everett. 
                
                   If you have to take GEOL 104, take Professor Everett!!! His lectures are right out of the book, attendance isn't mandatory, and his exams are easy. He's super sweet and funny, and very eager to help his students out. Get to know him and go to his office hours: he can recommend you for research positions. Amazing guy and easy class. 
                
                   Lectures can get dry and i found it hard to concentrate. He does draw examples that seem to help on the exams. Exams are heavily based on the book, which has really long chapters.
                
                   He gets some test questions from online quizzes on the website on the back of the book.
                
                   Professor Goll is approachable. Slow to respond to e-mail, I suggest office hours. His tests are difficult. Tests are based off the textbook, not lecture. He does not offer extra credit, but tends to slightly curve tests.
                
                   He was one of the nicest most knowledgeable professors i have ever taken.  I graduated 8 years ago and he still remembers me.
                
                   One of the best profs in the Geology dept. I highly recommend taking one of his offered field trips.
                
                   She doesn't seem like a bad person but she's just very inexperienced. The first teacher I've ever had that just doesn't seem to know what she's doing. Avoid at all cost
                
                   If you looking at taking her I would seriously encourage you to not. Her lectures are long and filled with tons of information. If you email her the likelyhood she replays is very small. She tells everyone that she will be giving a few extra points on the first test yet, I never got any while some people did. She just seems very clueless!
                
                   If you have the great displeasure of being stuck with this professor, I have a few recommendations. First find a way out of her miserable excuse for a geology education. If you can't then I suggest going to class and listening for her emphasis and opinions on the subject. Then go back in the book and learn details and facts. This should help.
                
                   Run away. Worst prof I've had to date.  Tests are a horrific assessment of knowledge. Half questions are fact recollection (good) and half are unscientific assumptions that Lauren has made and expects you to reach the same conclusion mid test when there are many facts that have not been considered. I did my diligence in studying and I feel cheated.
                
                   Ms. Holder is not a good teacher. She is currently working to get her PHD and in my opinion has no idea what she is doing. Her tests are extremely difficult and not clear at all. She doesn't ever provide reviews so good luck figuring out what you should study. I felt very alone and like it was survival of the fittest. I won't ever recommend her.
                
                   Read the book, know basic concepts, try to learn her opinions on things and you will pass. That being said, this was the most unorganized, all over the place professor I have ever had. Lectures consist of her rambling about some unrelated thing for 45 minutes then giving an assignment to work on class. Her slides do not match up with her lectures.
                
                   I actually thought this class was pretty good - I mean the lectures can be long but its an hour and a half class and we did a lot of in-class activities. I've been to see her a few times throughout the semester and she is always willing to work with me. Also - she does post ppts with missing stuff but recently has posted full powerpoints. 
                
                   It almost seems like she's clueless about what's going on in her class. The slides she puts online are missing half of the information and she goes over different power points in class? Also listening to her talk for an 75 minutes will bore you after 10 minutes.
                
                   She has an abridged version of her notes online but they are fill in the blank and NOTHING like the powerpoint she presents in class. Even if you print it out and bring it to class its very hard to follow along with. Be prepared to get notes from the text book. 
                
                   she doesnt teach much, she rambles on on. she does not stay on the slides long enough for you to write down the title. i taught m self through the labs. i am generally not good at science and i heard geology was easy... WRONG
                
                   Absolutely willing to help you if you go and ask him. You can sometimes get credit back after a test if you talk to him and show him you understand the material. If he gives you a graph of any kind, I can guarantee that you will see it again, unless he explicitly says you won't. Know how to move within the graphs with fractional composition  
                
                   The tests are very hard and detailed over the smallest things. I would get the textbook and read all of the chapters he goes over in class as well as attend class. The only grades for the class are 3 tests and the final. Also does not round up final grade. I ended up with a C when i had a 79.5 in the class.
                
                   bad
                
                   I obtained more useful information from the government warning on my new mattress than I learned from Jen.
                
                   Her notes are easy to understand with powerpoint and she lets you know where everything is in the book for studying before the exam.  Shes cute too, haha.
                
                   she was very unhelpful in class. i can not stand her. she looks like a throwback from the early 1980's. she wears &quot;mom&quot; jeans and has no sense of style. i read her research, it is not very novel or new. about 100 other researchers have completed the same work 5 years before her. her work sucks
                
                   She is very difficult! You have to take about eight pages of notes every class and your tests are very difficult. She does not really go over what she is talking about she thinks you know everything already.
                
                   The class is easy if you study and the lab counts for 25% of the class grade, Popp is funny and will keep you awake. I would suggest you print out the slides not every thing he goes over in class is on the slides, he also provides practice exams that are very helpful
                
                   Bobby/Dr. B/Dr. R is a great professor. I encourage you to GO to his office hours, he takes note. There is no extra credit, but there really is no need for it. The lab was very fun and interesting. It was never too complicated. The tests were easy IF you attended every lecture and read the book. Majority of the class made A's and B's.
                
                   Great Prof. I would love to have him teach me more of my upper level geop classes. There are 2 exams and a cumulative final. The labs were a completion grade but I learned a lot because of weekly quizzes exam reviews Enjoyed his assignments because they were very outside the box Keep on rocking Dr B.
                
                   Great
                
                   The class is pretty straight forward. There are weekly discussions that are really easy. The two exams are pretty easy too. The textbook is helpful to review, but his lectures provide enough material to review. Nice guy, knows a lot.
                
                   Boy I tell you what I barely squeaked by with an A in this class, This lil man ain't the sweetest but he knows his stuff, Tests are based off of power points and I didn't bother buying a textbook, Provides the previous years final which was pretty handy, After the first test I went to about a class every other week
                
                   He really seems like a nice guy but class was always hard to sit through. His lectures are long and sometimes boring. All of the material you need for the tests comes from the lecture powerpoints that he posts online. He does give out sample questions before that tests that do appear on the actual exam. It's an A if you put the effort in and study.
                
                   The information for his tests are in the lectures, if you attend class and review the practice question he gives out before each test you will get an easy A in the class. I enjoyed his class and had a really easy time with it after the first test. 
                
                   He is a average professor. His lectures are boring dry powerpoint slideshows. You probably should read your book if you want to get an A on his tests. His tests are multiple choice, yet tricky. Average class
                
                   Never used the book once. Everything is based on the power points that he posts on eCampus. Test are long and are kinda tough because of the amount of detail in the power points. 
                
                   Dr. Yancey really knows his stuff. He reads off his power points and rambles on about other information that wont be on the tests. You don't really have to go to class since all power points are posted online. Tests are hard due to the amount of information and detail covered. Not a super approachable guy.
                
                   All lectures are posted on eCampus, in power point format. He just lectures straight from the power points. He's teaching style is boring, making it difficult to stay awake and focused. Grade is based on exams (4 including final) and lab. Study the power points for the exams and you'll be okay. Don't get the textbook, I never used it. 
                
                   He's very rude to people in class and often just laughs at people when they get the courage to answer one of his questions. He seems to only want to make you feel stupid if you ask questions in his office. He's also very boring when lecturing, so don't even bother going to class, just study the online slides and you'll be fine.
                
                   Don't buy or rent the book.   Good lecturer. Organized. Fair grader. You can expect what will be on the tests, and that is whatever is on his slides. When studying, just focus on the slides. Go to class, study the slides, and you'll do fine. Doesn't seem like a very approachable fellow, but I don't care about that. 
                
                   He was rude during office hours. Acted like he he didn't even want to teach. Honestly, I think he just teaches for the research money. Wasn't a terribly hard class, but he didn't do anything to make it easier. 
                
                   Dr. Yancey is fun to have because of how much he loves his job. Who knew someone could love rocks so much. He gives all of the power points online, and he even gives sample questions for the tests. He is overall a good professor, but his class is pretty hard to stay focused in. Go to class and should do fine.
                
                   Dr. Yancey knows his stuff. Go to class and you should pass. He is very very interested in what he does. All of his power points are online, and he even gave sample question to all of his tests. Class is hard, but he is okay.
                
                   Dr. Yancey was nice and all but his class was pretty hard. All of the power points were online, and he even gave some sample questions that could be on all of the tests.
                
                   He really knows his stuff and is obviously into what he is teaching but it's hard to keep engaged in his class. He can be pretty condescending during office hours though he seems to (possibly?) be trying to help. Ok enough in class but overall leaves some to be desired.
                
                   Dr . Yancey is fun to have in class because of his love for Geology. Make sure and attend class because of random attendance quizzes. Test come straight from the notes but he always says to read the book.
                
                   Last semester is when Yancey seemed easy.  This semester he has bumped up the loadwork and reading.  Don't go to his office hours.  He won't answer your questions directly, and he's extremely rude.  He will call you stupid and won't hesitate to throw you out without helping you.  He knows what he's talking about, but he's a terrible prof
                
                   In general I would say this class was somewhat difficult. Prof loves his job and he's always excited about what he's teaching but still boring during lecture. Gives random attendance quizzes to boost grade but attendance is not always necessary. Posts all notes online and also posts sample questions before tests which are helpful.
                
                   Go to class because he does random attendance quizzes that he'll use to boost your grade later on. He has practice questions before each test. He goes by the book. He loves what he teaches and is always excited. His tests are a little difficult though.
                
                   Obvi rocks aren't interesting, but he's not that bad of a prof. He knows what he's talking about and is really excited about teaching it! He's a cute old guy too :) He has some atendance quizzes that in the end puts towards curves and boosting grades.
                
                   -He is an amazing professor who MAKES you learn how to be apart of the scientific community. However... His classes have made students switch majors in the past due to how difficult his classes are. If you don't apply yourself you WILL fail. Do the work and show him you are trying. If he sees that you are trying then he will grade you easier. 
                
                   He is a very hard teacher, this class WILL determine if Geology is the right degree for you. He is smart and passionate about geology. The course consists really of just 4 grades, that is the 3 exams and the semester long project.  Just because he is a tough teacher, doesn't mean he is a horrible person.
                
                   The worst teacher I took while attending TAMUCC for 3-4 semesters. Awful teacher, probably the worst in my college career actually.
                
                   This class was so hard. He requires a 10 page analysis over a topic of your choice. If the paper doesn't match his criteria exactly (spelling, punctuation etc)he rejects the paper and docks you 20 points. All the tests were ridiculously hard and all essay form. He has super high expectations for an undergrad class.
                
                   Can be an easy class if you attend lecture and participate. He is a tough grader but he is super cool and can be helpful if you ask. Class is difficult and requires a lot of effort and time!  Made and A in his class and and A on most exams but I devoted almost all of my time to this class
                
                   This class is pretty tough. You must attend lecture and write everything down! His exams come from lecture and powerpoint slides. I do not even use the book, pointless! Most of his exams are essay questions but easy if you devote the time to studying. Very tough grader must be very thorough on everything. Attend class, put in effort A or B possible
                
                   Very  capable of teaching the material and was able to answer most questions and explain things pretty well. His exams were pretty easy because he makes it very clear what you need to know, just expect to spend a lot of time studying because mineralogy is complicated, doubly so if you do not enjoy chemistry.
                
                   Gives TWO tests the WHOLE semester. A midterm and a final plus maybe 5 random quizzes.  
                
                   Enjoyed his style of teaching.  He is very detailed in descriptions of what he wants you to know and points out things that are important. Seems to enjoy the subject and is very knowledgeable in the subject.  Definitely recommend his class.
                
                   Very straightforward professional style. No distractors or off-track anectodes.
                
                   Explains things well and uses good text books.Exams are average but he is always willing to help you outside of class and doesn't penalize you for not attending class, although you should because he is unbelievably good looking.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Not a very interesting class, but a good teacher!
                
                   To me, this class was a little challenging because I am not a science major, although Dr. Reid does know what she is talking about in her lectures. Must go to lectures, otherwise you can easily get lost. Her accent is a little hard to understand at times, but if you work hard enough, you can get an easy B. 
                
                   Dr. Reid is amazing! Well she isn't a doctor but she should become one. Her lectures are entertaining and she thoroughly goes over problems multiple times. If you don't go to class though you will have a hard time working out problems. Tests are rather difficult, but if you have friends who have taken her, get their tests. She is great. DO HOMEWORK
                
                   Took her summer Astronomy class a couple of years ago and it still remains my favorite class and her as my favorite professor. It wasn't the easiest at first, but once you get past the math to the fun stuff it becomes so amazing. I still talk about it to this day! Highly recommend!! She made her classes so fun!
                
                   This class is not bad, with a little studying it's an easy B. Do a little extra work and get an A. Remember you must rack up points using the online homework and the lab
                
                   I had her for physics, not astronomy, & I was so impressed. While she does have a thick accent, you get used to it quickly & it's not a problem to understand her. She did a great job of explaining things in lecture, is always avail for extra help, & gives EC opportunities on every exam. She's also really funny; her analogies just kill me.
                
                   Astronomy sounds easy, but it is not. Her tests are hard because what is in the question is not always what she means. She is Russian and has problems with writing in English. If you are stuck in this class, go to SI sessions as much as possible. Don't take her, if you can. And you can have an older version of the book.
                
                   Took Astronomy with her in Summer II, she is the best professor I have ever had! Kept the topic interesting and was very engaging, plus she has a funny sense of humor
                
                   Dr. Reid is very knowledgeable and passionate about Astronomy, but her thick Russian accent makes it hard to understand her, as does her less-than-perfectly worded exam questions. That being said, she's a good teacher who you'll learn a lot from. Oh, and she's not lenient on grades or anything. Not that she should be.
                
                   I am an education major. She is an excellent teacher! She is very easy to understand.Those that can't..IDK&#63;&#63; She is demanding, but she should be- IT IS a university! You learn much in her class. She's the best! My only complaint was that I thought some of her exam question could have been worded better...but, no biggie. You learn what you should!
                
                   i enjoyed taking her class. there are online quizzes that we were required to take weekly only because it was a summer course.  She has a great passion for astronomy & knows what she is talking about. if you read the chapter before lecture you should be fine. i learned a lot from her.
                
                   I thought she was nice. Just show up and do the work. If you have any trouble, just go in and ask her questions. She really has a passion for what she does.
                
                   Awful......Don't take her. She isn't nice either. I had a hard time and got no help
                
                   She was the lab prof for Astr. She has thick russian accent so its kinda hard to understand her. If she doesnt like you she makes it hard for you to get a good grade.
                
                   This was the worst science class ever! Her thick Russian accent was hard to get past. Half the time I didn't understand what she was saying. Most of her points come from attendance. She does give extra credit quizzes and you'll need them. No study guide for the tests just know it all. Good luck if you want to take her...I WOULDN'T SUGGEST IT.
                
                   Great professor with a real passion for her teachings.  She really helps put things into perspective and her tests are pretty easy, no surprises.  I thought she was great and it was an easy A.
                
                   Weber is a character, he has a sick sense of humor and likes to show pictures of dead bodies. He is super smart and is a good professor.  The course is pretty easy if you attend class and study a little bit you can pull off a good grade, has weekly quizzes and only one exam (the final), the lab is a joke. The final is directly off quizzes.
                
                   hes a nice guy but ver wrapped up in his research.  if you actually get to know him he will help you out with anything though.  his tests are extremely difficult if you dont completely understand everything he talks about. just memorize diagrams and learn the material. the questions are all essays and i was able to get As with substantial studying
                
                   His tests are difficult, but if you learn the material well they are a breeze. There is pretty much no lab after the first 3 weeks, but a field trip that gives god experience and is lots of fun. He is a nice guy too.
                
                   Hands down my favorite teacher at TAMUG. Had him for two classes and would take him again. He has tons of knowledge to share with any willing audience. Definitely made me a better student just having him. He never took attendance, but go to class anyway because he makes it interesting. As a bonus, he's one of the youngest professors and a cutie.
                
                   He made geology fun. That should be sufficient explanation of how well he teaches.
                
                   Some people complain that he just follows his slides too closely, but I like that, it lets me know exactly what is important and makes it easy to review.
                
                   Great prof, cares about students.  Provides great feedback and loves students that take interest in course material.
                
                   Enjoys what he does and gives you every opportunity to earn an A.
                
                   I took him for Earth Science 1 and his lectures may put you to sleep but he is a very nice guy. Show up to class because he does take attendance especially on Fridays! He knows what he is talking about and his test questions usually come from his online website, if you study you can make an A!
                
                   Expect LOTS of homework. Keep up with the HW, attend class, participate, and take notes. The more you interact with him- the more he'll like you. For being just a required course he goes very indepth on subj matter, but SOME info may be useful later. I'd recommend him, but don't expect it to be a blow off class like I did. :(
                
                   This class was very insightful. Leanred alot from the second half of VB. The book teaches you not him. Mr. Jackson overall was faily knowledgeable. (Kiss ass and you'll do fine)
                
                   Great teacher, very smart and helpful
                
                   When I took her it was her first year at TAMUK Her test are over the power-points she puts them on blackboard.  Drops lowest test grade. Her class is pretty much all lecture...I suggest the 50 min class because geology is boring and any longer than that you will not learn. Over all very easy I would only study for test  2/3 days before but got B!
                
                   I took Dr Cepeda for Historical geology and he is really good professor. He writes everything on the board, laugh at his own jokes lol and the testes are easy. Also he assigned a paper about some topics that you can choose from. Labs are quite easy. You will enjoy, and pass for sure even if you skip class. 
                
                   Cepeda is an amazing teacher. You don't need a textbook because you'll write a lot of notes! I average 4-7 pages per lecture. However, you cannot "wing" a Cepeda test, if you study the notes you'll be fine.
                
                   I had Dr. Cepeda for petrology, Structural Geology, & Hydro-geology. WRITE DOWN EVERYTHING HE SAYS. His tests are always essay questions. Be prepared to write a lot! Don't be afraid to ask any questions. He's a very intelligent guy and knows all the in's and out's regarding geology.
                
                   Dr. Cepeda is a poor teacher, and he does not follow the textbook. He really sucks...
                
                   Great Professor - I graduated in '91 and went into the oil business.  Pay attention to all those drawings!!  You will use them in the real world.
                
                   Text book was never used just studied the notes he gave us and thats all you needed to sutdy with. But he loves to draw and I mean DRAW. Sometimes it was hard to follow because he went fast but anyone should be able to get a C or better
                
                   Ive had Dr. Cepeda for almost all of my geology classes. He is a good teacher and makes do with what he has, pertaining to the equipment the school furnishes. Field trips are a blast and you really learn a lot if you keep your mouth shut and pay attention during class. Overall one of my most favorite teachers during my 7 year college career.
                
                   I have had this professor for 3 semesters, so I feel I know his style pretty well. His tests are purely lecture based (including his geographic examples, anything that has a &quot;process&quot; of more than two steps and DRAWINGS). I found it hard to take notes on my laptop because he does a ton of drawings, and he often puts specific geographic examples on 
                
                   Lots of notes and they are you study guides for the tests, except the tests are completely different than the notes. Funny guy though and interesting.
                
                   really easy class, his lectures are really spuratic and not very orderly. but other then that not bad
                
                   Lecture exams aren't super hard if you just attend class. Lab exams are horriable, but that's what you get when you have exams over rocks and minerals.
                
                   Cepeda is a great professor. Fun and exciting. The tests are fairly easy. Just need to pay attention. Labs are easy too; again, just need to pay attention.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Easiest required science you can take.
                
                   very enthusiastic about geology. loves his field of study. his lectures can be boring and interesting. at times he goes off topic and just starts talking about random stuff. his test are easy. if you study the quizzes you will pass every exam. know the material, automatic A. 
                
                   Dr. M is a great man. He's really nice and cares about students if you talk to him. He knows that 99% of us are not geo majors so he takes it easy on us. 4 Exams are EXACTLY like the quizzes the Quizzes are EXACTLY like the HW. I got a C because My English is not that great. PS. Dr. M is you are reading this than THANK YOU!
                
                   Dr, M is not very helpful, I don't recommend taking him, most people in my class dropped the class, only 10 people left in the class. DONT take him
                
                   EASY A. JUst study the homework/reviews. dont need a book I never used mine
                
                   gives a review the day before test and it is the exact test so if you write that down then you can fly thru the class
                
                   If you make A's on all of the exams you will be exempt from the final & get an automatic A. Plus the exams are fairly simple just be sure & study your quizzes the exam questions are taken directly from them.
                
                   Absolutely cant stand him, reads straight from powerpoints if he does lecture, and sometimes we showed up and he would give us a packed and instructed us to memorize it with little to know help on advanced topics. He is inconsiderate of time outside class as well as other classes you might be taking
                
                   You have weekly quizzes over chapters, but they are really easy. Most of the time he tells you exactly what is going to be on them. Curves test grades. Nice enough man, but his lectures are dull, can slip into monotone, & he also reads directly from the powerpoint often. He is uptight about being late or absent. But this is an easy science to take.
                
                   All-around rad guy. tests are difficult and require a lot of critical thinking, so study up! otherwise, by far the most thorough.
                
                   GEO lab covers a lot of information but the prof makes the information more interesting than first glance.
                
                   Do not take his class. Change your whole schedule to get out of it. Hardest tests i've ever taken. He lets you put all of his notes and pictures on a flash drive at the beginning of the semester, DO IT. It will help on the tests. He gives you extra credit options. Do those early. Class tests averages are 40 to 50's. Gives a curve at end though. 
                
                   Dr. Estes knows about everything there is to know about Oceanography. However, he sometimes believes that everyone in the class is an expert scientist. His class is very difficult, but it is still relatively easy to get an A with hard work. It is possible to get up to a whole letter grade of extra credit with ease. This class will make you work!
                
                   Estes is a very intelligent man in his field. He tends to talk very soft while lecturing. Make sure you memorize the small details of the notes because the tests are very difficult. The class averages for the class were in the 40's for everyone. I do not recommend taking him. 
                
                   I really enjoyed Dr. Estes' class. He is very quiet, so get to class early and sit up front. He also allows you to record his lectures. And at the beginning of the year, he gives you the opportunity to download his powerpoints and lecture text. DO IT! I thoroughly enjoyed his class, very smart and interesting person. Tests are very difficult.
                
                   He speaks really quietly and gives you the notes ahead of time so its easier to follow. You are able to take tests a second time (except  final) with your notes which is like 25% of that tests grade. the tests were multiple choice but very hard and the class averages for all tests were 40's and 50's. 20ish point curve for class at end of semester
                
                   I had him for Oceanography. He is an extremely intelligent man and loves what he teaches. Be sure to sit in the front of the class or bring a tape recorder to class. He lets you put them on top of his projector because he knows he tends to speak softly. He is very helpful and even lets you take tests ahead or after time if there is conflict.
                
                   class is fairly hard as far as subject matter but interesting. tends to mumble in class. tests are multiple choice and you get the option to take it twice for each test using the book/notes the second time. i got d's on most the tests but he curves a lot so i ended up with a b in the class. reading the textbook helps to study.
                
                   The class is interesting but he is very hard to understand. Reading the chapters over and over are good. Tests are hard
                
                   Tough prof. Available for help if needed. Notes are available in the library. Hard to hear during class (he tends to mumble). You will study rocks more than text, either way you will study ALOT.
                
                   Geology is a difficult subject, you need to know this.  The exams are very hard, BUT, Estes has powerpoints available in the library for you to use, he's always willing to help or answer questions, and he curves your final grade.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   I disagree with most of these reviews. This class isnt the easiest ive taken, but it's far from the hardest. Dr Anders is passionate about geology, and is always willing to help. I'm terrible at science and got an A. Study and go to SI sessions and there's no reason you shouldn't get a B. Extra credit is given. Your effort will reflect your grade.
                
                   she is a nazi when it come to grading. its rediclous. her lectures are long and boring . her pop quizzes that are supposed to help you .. don't . her tests are easy but if you don't write exactly what she wants to hear its wring even if its the right answer. she is extremely un organized the only good thing about her is she extends deadlines alot  
                
                   her lectures are long and boring , she is a tough grader , is not organized at all in fact she forgot we had a test until we reminded her. if you study you will do fine . Her class is just really boring she doesn't try and make it interesting. 
                
                   Anders is a tough professor, but a nice person overall. I tried so hard, but ended up doing really bad in her class and had to drop it. I would not recommend it, especially if your academic weakness is science!!! 
                
                   Test are 80 questions long. Enough said.
                
                   Dr. Tania Anders is a good teacher despite what most reviews say on here. Most of you will be taking her if you are a freshman or sophomore; she teaches the lower level geology classes. Her method of teaching is very different from the usual way you are used too. Her class is critical thinking, and analyzation. Your attitude will determine your sem
                
                   She is a great professor. The only flaws on her would be that she isn't very organized in her teachings, and she jumps around a lot. Nonetheless her classes are very educational, and in the end it gets the point across. Taking her for Invertebrate Paleontology this Fall (2014)
                
                   She does go really fast during lectures but go to SI and never miss class! She is soooo available and helpful. Plus, she gives AT LEAST one extra credit oppurtunity. I know someone who got 50 extra credit points! So do the extra credit, go to SI, and go to class! class will be cake.
                
                   Wonderful professor. She was always willing to see me in her office to talk about test grades and room for improvement. Following along in class was not hard. The test were pulled straight from the notes. I used those more than the textbook. The SI sessions were a great help as well (especially right before a test)
                
                   The class is boring. But I learned a lot. This class is very easy if you attend class.
                
                   Took the class designed for non science majors, but she seems to expect us to be master geologists by the end of the semester. She goes by too fast when she lectures, and the powerpoints are not helpful. The tests are over miniscule details at times and hard to study for. (No reviews!) The SI leaders are better instructors than her.
                
                   She is the worst science teacher I have ever had. She goes through lectures very quickly and expects you to remember even the tiniest details. She does not give reviews for her tests so you kind of just have to guess at what you need to know, making the tests very difficult. I would not recommend taking this class if you do not need it.
                
                   great personality fun to be around and extremely hot
                
                   I spent almost 5 hours to read every chapter and did practice question every week, and used up all of my power to get a C. good luck to you all
                
                   She is very hard to follow! The SI sessions help a lot; the SI leader is very cool and will work with you and helps out alot. She rambles on tiny details and her tests are hard! Reading the book helps tremendously! If you go and talk to her she will help you out.
                
                   Make sure you can keep up with how fast she talks. Take advantage of ALL pop quizzes and in class assignments-those points add up. Tests are kind of tough. SI sessions helped a ton. But she is def not my fav teacher.
                
                   Class average for each test was approximately a 55. Good luck. She also does not respond to emails. Really think before you take one of her courses.
                
                   If you show up every class period, listen to her lectures, and do minimal amounts of reading, this class will be an easy A. She provides extra credit but only if you earn it, she expects you to review and understand the material. Her tests are based on critical thinking but aren't hard. I failed every quiz and a presentation and made an A.
                
                   She gets defensive and sassy if you try to ask her any questions after class. Most of the class is currently failing. Also always sounds like she is sucking on something when she talks.
                
                   Dr. Anders is very interesting and easy to understand. Her tests are based on critical thinking rather than just answers, and she is very picky with her grading. Once you understand what she is looking for, it is easy to do well in her class. She gives many chances for make up credit, but only with your participation.
                
                   GEOL 306 was a difficult class. He is a nice guy, but his tests are tough, and cover a vast amount of information. Not much HW or quizzes, but the lab portion is very difficult and time consuming and counts for a big percent of your grade. There is a field trip in the class, and there are several assignments/projects due throughout the semester. 
                
                   Great teacher.
                
                   Very intelligent guy. He seems to really care about your grade. Doesn't use a microphone so sit near the front of the class.
                
                   Dr. Schroeder is a good teacher. Personally, I didn't do so well in the class just because I think science is not for me; otherwise, it's a straight forward class, nothing really hard of it. Gives some random attendance quizzes which help a lot. The final  may seem hard, but it was easier than expected. Good teacher!
                
                   This is one of those classes where as long as you go to class and pay attention and read and refresh a little before the exam you should make the grade you want. She gives "pop" quizes in class that are over the chapters she finishes talking in class. Occasionally she would do an attendance quiz in class as well. Easy A for me though.
                
                   Honestly, Mrs. Schroeder makes Geology 101 super easy. It was (and is still) the easiest class I have taken at Texas A&M. She doesn't just give you a good grade, but she does teach it to you. Tests are easy as long as you study. She takes attendance, and it helps to be present. 1010, would take again.
                
                   I really enjoyed Dr. Schroeder. She is super sweet and always willing to help you. I got good grades on her tests by reading and doing the questions in the book. She gives attendance quizzes as well as book quizzes. I would say a B in the class is average but if you work hard you can definitely make an A. TAKE HER! 
                
                   Schroeder was a good professor overall, IMO. She covered all the material thoroughly in class. The tests were directly from the slides and she gave a test review before each test. I barely read the book and I managed an A. The lab is easy as long as you show up and do the work. She gives occasional attendance quizzes so show up 
                
                   Gives reviews, but you MUST read the textbook to do well on the test. So far i have gotten a 72, 80, and 50 on her tests. The lab was really easy and brought my grade up, I have an A in the lab which is 30% of overall grade. She also has weekly quizzes which really helped me, my quiz average is a 90. She is sweet & willing to meet with you. 
                
                   He taught the honors 101 class, and it really was a blast.  His lectures are so helpful and he really takes interest in everybody.  By the end of the first week, he had all our names down and wants us to succeed.  I would highly recommend him to anybody that my need to take geology.
                
                   Very passionate about geology, he's a good professor. Most of what you need to know is in the powerpoints, but reading the book will definitely help your test grade.
                
                   Pretty hard class, I took Geology 104 and the test were hard. Only a midterm and final, the midterm was over 10 textbook chapters and the final was cumulative. So another 8-10 chapters. I made low B's on the test but made a C on the final. A lot of reading though, A LOT!
                
                   This guy is GREAT! He is always interacting with his students one way or another. He discusses the most interesting things about the topics in his lectures! Highly recomended!
                
                   Had professor Giordino for a study abroad trip to Mexico and had the best time of my life. Not only was the professor highly knowledgeable of the geology of the region we were visiting, but he also provided a great experience to see an international country. 10/10 would do again. Professor Giordino is always making jokes and making class fun.
                
                   He is really really REALLY energetic
                
                   really helpful
                
                   Thought the class was boring but he was a good teacher
                
                   Seems to think he's way better than he is. Kind of irritating.
                