
                   She is a chill person. But do exactly what she wants and follow the syllabus. Go see her if you have problems, she will be straight up and tell you what to do. TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THAT. She help you!
                
                   She's ok. Just do your work on time and follow your syllabus and you'll be fine. She's cool just a little too much attitude sometimes.
                
                   Just do exactly as she says and you'll be fine.
                
                   Really enjoys helping students.  It would be impossible for him to have a more welcoming open-door policy.  ALWAYS go to him with questions.  Great with email.  Picky on grammar.  Follow his instructions and it works out.  Great asset to the law school.
                
                   I loved Professor K. He cares about each student. He may not be clear in class to some people, but if you use his office hours he is more than helpful. He is very particular about grammar. He definitely knows his stuff. He does at times become flustered when people ask the same question over and over again. Overall great prof. Would recommend!
                
                   Kelly is frustrating to some bc he expects his students to come to law school knowing the fundamentals of writing, (parallel structure, correct grammar, appropriate transitional word use) and he assigns readings in the Redbook if you come to law school with pre-existing writing handicaps.He genuinely cares about all students,even the bad writers.
                
                   Obviously knows material but cannot teach and doesn't remember what he says or doesn't say. Has random grade pattern that he manipulates so that his &quot;favorites&quot; get the better grades and the rest get whatever he feels like giving them. May know patent law and intellectual law, but is useless in teaching 1Ls the fundamentals of LARW.
                
                   Very helpful.  A little unclear at times, but seems to enjoy his job and getting to know the students. Wants everyone to do well. If you do the work and prepare questions AHEAD of time, you will do well. He also responds quickly to all e-mails and understands the stress of being a OneL.
                
                   Worst teacher I have ever had, is non commital about everything. Don't know if he doesn't know how to teach or if he just doesn't know how to get his thoughts organized. Thinks he's cute, but he's not. Avoid if possible.
                
                   RUN!! RUN!! HORRIBLE GRADING. Very unfair. Can be funny and appear to be nice but cannot understand his teaching style. I tried for the life of me to transfer out of his class but couldnt. RUN!!!
                
                   After papers are turned in, he reads from them to tell everyone how bad they sucked, but he's picking on things he didn't warn you not to do. And you don't get the papers back for weeks while he's trashing them every day. Unfortunately, you'll be assigned this guy as a 1L, so there's nothing you can do but deal with him.
                
                   He is a very sweet person. He is easily flustered. Be nice to him and he will be nice to you. Grading is random at times, but it is hard to be forced to rank papers that are so alike. Pay attention to everything he says and go to him and ask questions.
                
                   Nasty grader. Very unfair. A nice person, but completely unfair. Try to get on his good side. Had us write a paper at the beginning of semester with our names on it-which was against the rules. Ask him for advice, it will make him feel good. Avoid if possible. Totally unfair.
                
                   Nice guy, but tricky and inconsistent grader.  Gets defensive if you challenge his grading method.
                
                   Really nice, considerate, polite person, but grades nasty.
                
                   You become a better writer at the expense of your grade, rank, and sleep.
                
                   Tough prof, but you will learn, and you will write better.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Good prof.  Works hard and checks for understanding.
                
                   really nice guy, class is boring..but thats true of any legal writing class. Wont fail you, but hard to get A's. Work hard on your memo's.
                
                   it's difficult to tell what exactly she wants in your papers because she'll tell you to improve on something and when you do she'll count off. other than that, she's extremely nice, helpful, and cares about the students. second only to murphy in the LARW department.
                
                   She comes off a nice person. That is not entirely correct. She would tell us how we should put something in our paper, and then count off for doing exactly what she said. The way she graded papers didn't make sense. Not very helpful when it came to meeting with her in her office.
                
                   Very difficult class and she has high expectations but she will definitely improve your writing skills. Undoubtably pepper worthy!
                
                   Probably the best LARW teacher at the school. Definitely agree that she has the swag. You'll be lucky if you are assigned to her 1L year.
                
                   Ok, she's rediculously hard. I'll admit, out of three classes with her, I got two C's. But she improved my writing dramatically, and I owe her for that. Plus, she has this high-powered lawyer-chick swagger about her... I don't know how to explain it, but it's really hot. She's totally pepper-worthy. ;p
                
                   She's still learning the material
                
                   Just listen to what she says in class.  She tells you alot about what she wants.  But, go see her to for questions.  She is very helpful and wants you to understand.
                
                   She is new and still learning how to be a professor.  She did a good job with teaching writing for memos, but needs work in the trial brief area.  She didn't teach it well and I still don't know what the heck she wanted, it sure wasn't a real functioning trial brief.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   I really enjoyed professor Pauli's class. She has passion for writing and does a nice job making class fun. I thought she was tough, but fair. She really cares for her students and makes a very concerted effort to be available outside of class. Expect a lot of busy work though. 
                
                   she amazing take her 
                