
                   Its well know in the Land Development program Dr. Anderson is as good as it gets.  The classes are all extremely useful as long as you show interest and get to class on-time
                
                   He isn't clear on instructions, sure he gives us an outline but it isn't much help. When it comes to designing the projects he doesn't really let you create your own design, he wants you to create something that he would imagine/design. Due to that, he doesn't really let your imagination flow. Favoritism is a leading factor in all of his classes. 
                
                   Professor Borhani was an amazing teacher. When I first started his class I couldn't draw at all. By the time I finished, classmates didn't even recognize my work because it had improved so much. He's a little tough and doesn't hold back, but I would definitely take him again. He really cares about his students. 
                
                   Professor Booth is from Australia and has a real charm to his character. He truly cares about the students. VERY personable and charismatic.  He puts a lot into the class to make sure you get a great learning experience and even real-world experience. Lots of the things he will give you copies of for your portfolioresume. Take this professor!
                
                   Don't fall asleep. Just apply yourself and look over your notes regularly and you'll be good to go.
                
                   This class is an easy class. It is basically a show up and pass class. All you have to do is pay attention in class and follow along with her power points. That is it. No work to do outside of class, nothing. Just know her power points well and you will make the grade you want.
                
                   This class is not bad at all, just show up, takes notes, and study the power points before the test and you'll do fine. She also gives a big extra credit boost at the end.
                
                   She gives you notes to fill in the blanks, so if you go to her lectures she will give you the answers. She always hold a review class before the exam and tells you to "star" a page and gives you the content that will be on that exam. Plus she's super hot. I would definitely take her again!
                
                   Hardest exam was the final which was 40 percent of the grade ouch. She definitely stepped up the difficulty of the class. Her midterm exams were okay, but her final exam literally pissed off even the smartest of students in class. I didn't even get a B in the class. I was so close! The final was a curve ball, the most obscure questions were on it! 
                
                   Easy class, print off the class notes and or use study blue to help study. If your a COSCI major, show up to class and learn as much as you can because 254 and estimating will slap you in the face if you don't know what materials are used. Read through the textbook because she gets a lot of questions and picture references from it.
                
                   Professor Carlson is a great teacher. She skips alot of classes and shows up late a bit, but is still great. Go to class and take good notes on her powerpoints and you'll do fine. She is very clear on what you need to focus on and is very helpful if you just ask her.
                
                   You have 4 tests. They are all online and it is open book/open note and you have 5 days and multiple attempts. The rest of your grade comes from class participation. You have to go to class to pull out an A even if you make 100s on every test. Extra credit is available. Caffey is very intelligent and a pretty cool guy as well.
                
                   This class is amazing!! There is a bunch of extra-credit and the test are easy as long as you pay attention during the lecture. The material is so interesting and the class is fun!! Caffey is one of those professors that is really refreshing to have every once in a while. This class is a MUST take. EASY A as long as you come to class!!
                
                   Duff is ridiculous. He doesn't actually grade anything. He has his TA do it all. He never gives you all the information you need, but he expects you to know how to do it. He believes that how he sees something is the only possible way to do it. He doesn't offer anything useful in lecture. His class is an easy A, but you won't learn anything.
                
                   He is by far the worst professor I've had. He is a smart A & very rude. He doesn't care about your grade or grading correctly. He doesn't explain ANYTHING well, so you are left doing homework guessing on everything. He wastes class time telling stupid drawn out stories & trying to be cool/funny. Avoid at all costs.
                
                   Graham is a professional architect who owns her own business and is only a part time professor. To be short- she is busy. She does have a right to be, but she showed up 30-45 minutes late to almost every class. She changes her mind often, so IF she gives you feed back and you do something she suggested she may hate it anyway. Expect all nighters.
                
                   Her goal is to broaden your mind and increase your creativity! She is a challenging professor, with the goal of making you a better designer. She will not give you slack and only expect 110%. It's tough but we'll worth the time and effort.
                
                   Professor Graham has achieved a great deal for her young age. She is very passionate about architecture and I feel lucky to have had the opportunity to learn from her. She expects A LOT from students. As freshmen, her studio was definitely putting in the most hours. She is a very busy woman so sometimes things are rough but I would take her again.
                
                   No test or quizes, all group projects! Easiest class ever, no need to even go to lectures as long you are in a group that has eachothers back you'll come out with a 100
                
                   Possibly the easiest class you'll ever take. I went to the lectures, but they weren't necessary because there were no tests, and the projects didn't require any info from the class (attendance was taken occasionally, however). The lectures were pretty interesting, and it was easy to get work done for other classes while listening. Overall, easy A.
                
                   Really fun prof and super easy class. Honestly, there's like no hard homework, you just have to do a little.
                
                   I only went to class 8 times or so the entire semester but still learned stuff and had a great time in the course (since everything is submitted online, or in groups).
                
                   Rodney is one of the few professors left at this school who really cares about the well being of his students. He will go out of his way to make sure you succeed both in his class as well as in any other endeavor you decide to take on. He'll make you laugh, blush, and learn more than you ever expected!
                
                   You can not graduate college without having a professor like Rodney Hill. He with out a doubt gets you to learn valuable things but does it in a way that makes everything unexpected and fun. This is not your average college class, its more.
                
                   Could there be a better professor&#63; Rodney makes class fun and you learn more then you'd ever think you would even if ENDS isn't your major. Your college life is not complete without a professor like Rodney Hill. He not only helps you while you are a student but cares enough to do whatever he can to be there for you post college as well.
                
                   Awesome! Knows what he's talking about and interested in what he's talking about.
                
                   Awesome class!!  I recommend taking it if you are able to get in it!  It is not only an almost guaranteed A, but it is really interesting.  Make sure you go to class to get all of your participation points, work well with your group, and turn in your projects on time.  No tests or quizzes or homework, only group projects and participation points.
                
                   she was terrible with some people and super great with other ones, she likes to much abstract stuff. I don't recommend her to anyone. Besides sometimes she can be really rude if she doesn't like what you are doing. She expects too much from everybody.
                
                   This class made me to be undecided about to continue in this major.She does not have to much patience.I don't think I learned enough with her.She likes to do a lot of abstract things (plastic bags).That project took more than the half of the semester. I felt that she only took interest in some projects,she did not put the same effort to all them.
                
                   This was my first architecture class. I'm not going to lie, Weiling is pretty tough, but the amount that you learn from her is unreal and furthered my interest in architecture. She definitely weeds people out. Four students dropped out of my class of fifteen. She like very zen-like architecture (right angles and simplicity).
                
                   Absolutely AWFUL. He has favorites and those are the students that get A's. Everyone else is pretty much screwed. Of course I learned from him because it was my first architecture drawing course but his grading is terrible. You have to go in there knowing how to draw even though he says he can see if you are working hard. This is a lie.
                
                   I enjoyed my time as her student and am thankful for the great guidance she gave. She is passionate about architecture and really cares about her students.
                
                   Dr. Klein is now my favorite professor at A&M. She is so knowledgeable about her subject and is very respectful of her students. I genuinely look forward to class and have even experienced the totally novel feeling of wishing the class wasn't ending. If you are able to take this class I highly recommend it.
                
                   favorite professor ever  -slightly monotone voice and dark classroomsometimes sleepy -all lectures posted online, beneficial to print out before class and add extra notes during lectures -study guides are almost the exact tests -you can skip a few classes and be okay -no cumulative final:) -understandable, knowledgeable woman  love her
                
                   Klein was a great professor and honestly I really enjoyed going to class each day. I'm a science major that needed a creative arts course, and this one was easy and enjoyable. I'm surprised how much information about history and architecture that I actually learned throughout this course, especially since I put the minimum effort in. Take her!
                
                   Professor Klein is amazing! She is very helpful and provides you with all the material you need to pass her class. She supplies a study guide for all tests: IF YOU DO THEM YOU WILL GET A's on all exams. Go to her office hours the day before an exam. She has mini review sessions with students who attend.
                
                   Easy A if you GO TO CLASS AND TAKE DETAILED NOTES. The lectures are made interesting by her passion for architecture.
                
                   She is like a mom: really cares about how well you do and is very clear in her methods. All tests are identically easy in formatting and usually you can get by studying the night before. Attendance is necessary to passing.
                
                   Ann is the sweetest lady ever. She may seem like a tough cookie in class, but that's because she truly wants her students to do well. I've never had a professor who was a bigger cheerleader for her own students than Ann is.
                
                   I took this class for the required fine arts credit.  My advisor told me this was an easy class. Wrong! The tests themselves are not hard, but the lectures made everyone want to kill themselves. She goes TOO FAST! I brought my laptop, type 100 wpm, and still couldn't keep up. Also, she hardly spent time on anything other than Renaissance in Europe.
                
                   Very interesting class! I learned alot
                
                   I liked this class. She really enjoys her subject and knows it well. The book was never required for my class. You do have to go and she talks fast but I learned a lot. Tests aren't hard if you actually look at her study guides and pictures.
                
                   Agreed on the Textbook situation. Dont buy it, you dont use it. Her lectures consist of the innerworkings of a senior citizens crazy mind. Not very computer savvy. Reminds me of the crazy old lady next door. Hard to keep up with her in class. Her notes online dont help much since she filters them like crazy. Yeah, worthless class.
                
                   Nice lady indeed, but I found the test format to be ridiculous. I personally didn't do well in this class, but certainly others have. I think the average grade is an 80. I didn't like it, but you might.
                
                   This class's tests require attedance to her class.  Made a B because I didn't go.
                
                   Wow, this class sucks hardcore. It's a dual credit so I guess it's supposed to be harder than others, but she makes no sense! Her powerpoints are so ADD it's ridiculous. Her thoughts don't flow and she doesn't go along with the textbook at all. You spend over $100 on a book that you never open!! Don't take the class and don't buy the book!
                
                   OK THIS LADY IS AWESOME AND HER CLASS IS REALLY INTERSTING. WELL HER TESTS ARE A LITTLE TRICKY SHE HAS A LOT OF MULTIPLE MLTIPLES BUT OTHER THAN THAT SHE IS VERY HELPFUL AND ITS AND OVERALL EASY CLASS
                
                   Awesome lady!  You should take her if possible.  She stimulated a lot of interest for me in architecture history.  I made a B, but was glad to have taken her class.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   He is a truly gifted educator. His studio was the toughest semester I ever had and I often felt miserable. But I also saw myself grow the most both as a person and a designer. He encouraged me to stick with my design when I was ready to quit. He is passionate about what he teaches and truly cares about each and everyone of his students.
                
                   Carlos is by far the best professor I have ever had. He seems tough and unreachable at the beginning, but it's just his way to warn out slackers. You work a lot during the semester. But this is the best work that I have produced in my entire career and I am proud to show it in my portfolio. He is definitely worth it and you will learn a lot!
                
                   Good teacher. Helps if you have problems understanding things. Sometimes unclear, but he will try to make sure you understand his classes. Available out of class if asked. He even helped us with our design studio. Tough grading, but he let's you redo stuff if you show interest in learning (not just getting a higher grade). Overall great teacher.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   My only complain with this course was that review time could have been better distributed during actual studio time. I learned more in this studio than I have in any other class at A&M. It was hard, but worthwhile.
                
                   Awesome.
                
                   TAKE ROSENHEIM!!!!!!!! He is by far my favorite professor in the Urban Planning department. His class is very interesting and interactive... Most class days we just sat around and discussed the modern world of urban planning. I learned so much and I am glad I had him as a professor my freshman year. He's a cool dude outside of class too!
                
                   I had Rogers for my second semester studio and it was a very trying semester. I ended up getting a C in the class but it was the wake up call I needed. Overall I learned a ton from her and if I had the chance to do it over again I would. She is real with her students and gives her honest opinion on everything and is very helpful in that respect.
                
                   Give her a chance. There are alot of people who have a poor experience with her because she teaches first year students and she is hard. Since it is first year they haven't been criticized before in their artistic work like they will be in college. This usually isn't fun. She can be very helpful if you listen and have any common sense about you. 
                
                   Dr Rogers was one of the most unhelpful professors I have ever had. She used to hold a position in the department but is now back to teaching and boy is she rusty. She shows favoritism for students that like her. Her guidelines change, and she can screw you over in a project with her lack of clarity. Horrible teacher. Horrible guidance. Horrible. 
                
                   Professor Segner is a good man. He is very passionate about construction and loves his students. He definitely makes his class a challenge. Tests are 90 to 120 questions and he gives a ton of reading. When he assigns the reading he literally tells you to memorize everything in the reading. Read a lot, highlight and reread. 
                
                   Best prof I've ever had. If you skip, don't expect to pass. He is passionate about the industry and his classes. 
                
                   OMG hardest professor I've ever had EVER! I have 3.1 GPA and I'm a senior. I've never failed a coarse and I'm worried I'm going to fail his. Gives 120 question tests in 1 hour time frame. Gives you absolutely no hint about to study for. he assigns you about 150 pages out of textbook and says know everything.  literally.
                
                   Professor Segner is a great teacher, his knowledge of construction is beyond you can think of so be ready to receive tough tests, he is well respected among construction science students, and may be the most known, and popular construction science professor. Read every chapter twice, go to class everyday, take good notes and you'll be good to go. 
                
                   Professor Segner is a great guy, but not a very good instructor. This is a very hard course especially if you don't have construction experience. Get the textbook and read religiously. He will not give you hints on more important topics for exams. Study everything including real life examples that he gives.
                
                   Professor Segner is a great man through and through. He basically lectures off the top of his head so he knows his stuff. the only downside is that is tests are out of this world hard. Keep up with readings and get a solid study session in before the test and you'll be good to go
                
                   If you have no Cons exp, this class will be a baddream! Grant it, I took this course over a half-semester and it was very intense. Makes up random questions on the test that he neither talks about or are in his assigned readings. This is the hardest class I have ever taken. If you must take him, b ready to put your life on hold and read and hilite!
                
                   Professor Segner is a great man, loves his students, and will drop whatever he is doing at the time to help you with anything.  His office is always open, and a visit to him is recommended, he will remember you.  Tests are NOT easy, however if you take notes, and read the assigned readings, it all sticks pretty well. Also listen up for his sayings!
                
                   real good teacher, good guy, makes it challenging, 120 question tests
                
                   This man, is a good man. He likes his students. His test are really long but if you read the text, go to class, and take good notes you should not have a problem.
                
                   Spurgeon gives ample opportunity for you to pass let alone possibly make an A. She gives extra credit on each exam worth a few points. IF you look over the power points and go and pay attention in class you will make an A or B easily. Nothing to it really.
                
                   Very fun cultural class. She is a great prof and her lectures are interesting and entertaining. We don't need a book, but make sure to attend all lectures. If you take notes and pay attention, tests are very easy. She is available for a few minutes before and after class and gladly clarified/delved deeper into material when asked. 
                
                   LOVED learning about art history! If you go to class & do her exam reviews you'll be fine- the textbook isn't necessary. Would definitely recommend, but only if you're actually interested in art history... not sure why so many kids were mad that we had to memorize paintings for the tests- it's a college art history class what did you expect??
                
                   For the online section, there were prerecorded lectures. The homework and exams were all online, and could be taken with the lecture notes at any point in a given time frame. The only issue is that the pictures of artwork in test and homework questions would sometimes not be displayed, so those questions couldn't be answered.
                
                   Pretty easy A as long as you show up for class. She puts up a review sheet for exams so use those to study; look over the PowerPoints while studying and you should be absolutely fine. Textbook doesn't really help at all; it just covers a lot of information that's not really relevant. Take good notes on lectures and do extra credit that's offered!
                
                   Not hard if you study and go to class! The tests usually surprise people because they are harder than you would expect. But very doable! If you want an A, go to class! Don't get the book
                
                   Prof Spurgeon enjoys what she teaches which makes it easier to learn. Do not take the exams lightly, you will need to study more than you would think. I studied with a friend from class and we made flashcards and this helped us a lot.  You will need to know dates, artists, works of art, where they are from, materials used, and more for each exam.
                
                   She does 4 tests over her Power Points. Get ready to know the PPs inside and out. She likes to add extra stuff from her lectures onto the tests so if you want an A you need to go.  
                
                   Very strait forward. Very passionate about art. Just go to class and pay attention. If you can memorize you will be fine. Your are able to get about 5 points of extra credit by writing a small essay each exam
                
                   This class was pretty average. I didn't attend regularly and made a B. She doesn't say too much that's important in class, but if you don't attend class, I recommend reading the book. There's a review for each test and extra credit questions. Like I said, it's just average.
                
                   This class is pretty easy. No homework, just 3 tests and a final. She posts the slides and tells you which ones to study for the test. All memorizing.
                
                   She tells you everything that is going to be on the test. It is all about memorizing. She posts her notes online, but still go to class because she adds things that will be on the test. Easy A if you memorize.
                
                   Reviews are nothing like the test. Extremely boring class.
                
                   A fine, average teacher. Tests are easy if you just take the time to study. She tells you exactly what will be on the test and possible extra credit options. Just a lot of rote memorization. But its easy if you come to class, listen, and take a few notes.
                
                   changes home work requirements all the time. I did like his shortcuts for
                
                   Very helpful and effective teacher; but has no idea what our course load is like; some kind of Brit accent and speak too fast; avoid if your course load is way to much
                
                   Going to class is terrible. She preaches about things that she herself is unsure about. It is all theory. The tests are hard to study for because she just reads her slides but if you don't get the info then you will never understand it. It is necessary to read the book which is expensive and the book is hard to understand. Not a recommended class!
                
                   Professor Woo was a favorite of mine this semester. He is caring, light-hearted, and supportive, as well as hilarious. His coursework is doable with any schedule. There are 2 online tests, and 2 assignments required, as well as a handful of short online quizzes. This class was an easy A for me, as I'm sure it was for my classmates.
                
                   This is a 300 level class, so there is one long paper (8-10 pages). He is hilarious! Sometimes his Korean accent is hard to understand, but he is aware of it and tries hard to be clear. ONLINE EXAMS! Two class presentations, individual and group. Small class with a participation grade. Guaranteed B, a little work for an A. Would recommend! 
                
                   Professor Woo was honestly such a fun class! Not only does he have a great sense of humor, but he makes lecture interesting to all of his students to where you enjoy going to class!! Tests, quizzes and projects are easy. One thing, just show up to class. It will help you on the tests and projects, plus he gives you participation points :)
                
                   Prof Zhu is really hard to understand sometimes but she lectures based off PPs that she posts on ecampus. And everything you need to know for the test is on those PPs. There was 4 tests I think, 1 of which was the midterm and the last was the final. Class is kinda boring, but takes occasional attendance and you get a grade for it.
                
                   Beginning: interesting, cool, as semester progresses, becomes HIGHLY repetitive, he will say "it's relevant, that's why he repeats it". He reads his PowerPoint slides .99 VERBATIM. Love idea o' class, enjoyed all but repetitiveness and WAY too much info and graphs. Lost inspiration bc of these killers. Info need simplified and foster inspiration.
                
                   Unless you have to take this class, do not take it. If you have to though, do not take Dr. Jorge Vanegas. He makes it really hard and time consuming. You have to be creative & WOW him to get an A. The instructions for the assignments are long & don't make sense. I got 18/20 on one because the thought the colors I used were not CATCHY! Really?
                
                   DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS #2: You really have to "wow" him to get an minimum grade on any project. He pretend to grades off of creativity and innovation, which is something very subjective, and he has no taste at all. DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASS!
                
                   There are group projects in which you have to meet with others outside of class. VERY unspecific on assignments so students use their own interpretation and creativity. The help I got from the TAs was usually useless. I liked the class, it was eye opening and interesting but a lot of work.
                
                   DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS! Every day you recieve multiple eCampus notifications form this class, assignments have a minimum of 2 pages of instructions that take forever to read, decode, and understand, lectures are long and pointless, and assignments themselves are tedious and stupid. Basically it is the worst class you can possibly take here at A&M.
                
                   I would not take this class unless it is absolutely necessary. You can achieve an A but it will take a lot of work. The class consists of an overload of easy assignments and it can be easy to fall behind. 
                
                   This was the worst class I have ever taken. I would not recommend it to my worst enemy. The lectures were long and pointless. All of the work you do comes with at least 2 pages full of detailed instructions that make no sense. None of the work has any meaning whatsoever and seems to be made up. AVOID THIS CLASS AND THIS PROFESSOR!
                
                   This bro took a lesson from the US tax code on complexity. Everything you will ever receive from him is unnecessarily wordy. A simple assignment of watching an online video and giving feedback on it turned into 3 complete word documents of over complicated instruction. He does it for EVERYTHING, so his hard assignments take 30 min just to decode. 
                
                   Do NOT take this class or professor.  This class was the biggest waste of time, I'm sad to have wasted tuition on it.  This professor has an inflated sense of self esteem and every lecture (basically the exact same, repetitive concepts every week) tries to warp simple concepts such as creativity and humor into complex, meaningless breakdowns.  
                
                   There is no comparison to how boring this class is. The only reason that this class is "no electronics" is so that people actually pay attention instead of having fun on their phones. However, there is an upside to this course. If you're up all night studying for a real class, you can use this class period to get a good nap in. Jorge rides a segway
                
                   I personally did not like Dr. Vanegas' class. It is all about creativity and "freeing your mind" but honestly, it's boring and I hardly ever went to class because I couldn't stand to listen to him talk (mainly) about himself and his achievements. Don't think this is an "easy A" class. I got a decent grade, but it took a lot of work to do. AVOID IT.
                
                   I personally did not like Dr. Vanegas' class. It is all about creativity and "freeing your mind" but honestly, it's boring and I hardly ever went to class because I couldn't stand to listen to him talk (mainly) about himself and his achievements. Don't think this is an "easy A" class. I got a decent grade, but it took a lot of work to do. 
                
                   Vanegas' class is very tough. He tells you that immediately from the get go. His class is inspirational (be innovative, don't let anybody kill your creativity, anything is possible) but literally every lecture (online and in-class) is a variation of the SAME EXACT thing. I went to speak to him and felt like I was a burden to him. Very rude.
                
                   Don't take this class. Way too time consuming for what is suppose to be an "easy" class.
                
                   In this class a B is definitely doable. It does take quite a bit of time and effort, but no tests which is always a plus. This class is based solely off of creativity and how much work you put into the projects. My advice would be to not wait until the last minute to complete projects.
                
                   Definitely not an easy A. I worked very hard and got a B.
                
                   Tough professor, take Dr. Hill instead of this guy. It is really hard to get an A since a student has go beyond creative and time consuming on assignments. I advise you to not take this class with Dr. V. if you are taking other classes as well or if you expected this class to be easy which is NOT.
                
                   DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. Doing the basic work in this class only gets you a C. He makes you go above and beyond to get an A. You have to "wow" him to get an A on any project. He grades off of creativity and innovation, which is something that comes naturally or doesn't. DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASS.
                
                   Do not take this class
                
                   He is a tough professor, take Hill instead of Dr. Vanegas
                
                   Tough Grader. Expects you to know what you are doing.
                
                   easy class. good, eccentric prof
                
                   funny guy. good times in class. way better than ends150 with vivian paul. O_o
                
                   If you have a problemsleeping,take this class.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   funny
                
                   Great Professor with stories that expand your knowledge and understanding of the class. Keep up with the reading and go to all the capstone lectures. 
                
                   He was overall a great professor. He puts all the notes online, but he gives pop quizzes to make sure you come to class. The exams are online and easy! 
                
                   Professor Newman was one of my favorites this semester. He has a good sense of humor, very laid back, and is both understanding and helpful with his students. He gives pop-quizzes so attendance and looking over his lectures is important but not mandatory. Tests are given online. Overall the class was easy and worth it.
                
                   It matters a whole lot that you seem interested and ask good questions. He will help you more than any other professor, as long as you don't suck at architecting. He sees through all the BS, which I respect
                
                   He is a knowledgeable professor, but he disrespects students. 
                
                   He pretty much has to like your design and your good to go.
                
                   Good Professor, knows what he teaches. Leads with example. Clear and crisp presentation disciplined person. Very helpful and resourceful
                
                   He was the most wonderful professor I have ever had. He really cares about his students and wants them to learn. Take his class and I promise you will learn something that you will use AFTER you graduate.
                
                   Good teacher, very helpful, test are hard but predictable.
                
                   Took him for COSC 175 and it was pretty much a blow off class. Escamilla himself though was a really nice guy. Met with him a couple times in his office hours and he genuinely cared about me and my goals and aspirations. I would and likely will take him again for another class down the road.  
                
                   Professor Escamilla was a well-rounded teacher who knew what he was talking about for the most part. Listen to what he says and follow the assignment instructions and you will be fine. 
                
                   He was a great professor! The three first tests were mostly from the textbook, so if you do your homework and actually understand what you are doing you should be fine. 
                
                   Dr. Escamilla is the best Professor I have every had. All Construction Science majors should have him at least once. He is very helpful, and he definitely knows what he is talking about. He has good humor. He went through a lot in college, and he takes no excuses. Very respectable guy. All around great teacher, and a great guy.
                
                   Prof. Deyong is an excellent professor, wonderful insights and inspiring.  I highly recommend her classes
                
                   Sarah is fantastic and one of the best architecture professors in the school.  She truly cares for the students, extremely helpful, intelligent, and kind. Sarah is incredibly articulate in explaining complex ideas. She always makes you feel excited about the work and gives great advice and recommendations for research.
                
                   Gabriela is wonderful. The best architecture professor that I know. She truly cares for the students, extremely helpful, smart and kind. Also, articulated in explaining ideas, with a lot of repertoire. She always makes me feel excited about the work and gives great advice and feedback for research.
                
                   Great Professor! Really cares whether or not you learn. Would definitely take another class from her.
                
                   Campagnol is pretty clear in class. Posts lectures online and shows a lot of videos in class. You don't really have to come, but if you don't you'll have to read the textbook. Has an accent but I didn't have trouble understanding. 5 tests but she takes your top 4 grades, lets you skip the final if you're okay where you are
                
                   I throughly enjoyed Ahmed's class. It had recurring themes from Studies in Tectonic Culture and a lot of urban planning culture from the likes of Jacobs, Lynch, Mumford, and Frampton. Ahmed is also extremely well versed in the art of construction and connection and does his best to get your project to its best potential.
                
                   I enjoyed this class and was able to gain a better understanding about the relationship between design and structure and the possibilities that can be created with the two acting together.
                
                   Ahmed sets clear expectations and he sets the bar high for his students. He provides helpful design advice and helps you work through any problems you may be having with your project. He also goes out of his way to bring in professors or experts in outside fields to help the studio develop their designs in areas which they may not be familiar with.
                
                   Valuable course. The Professor is very well versed in tectonics, materials, and details.
                
                   He definitely knows what he is talking about and the questions you ask the better off you will be.
                
                   Dr. Ali was a great professor! He would talk a lot about tectonics in my class which I did not always understand until I eventually grasped the content! I really enjoyed his lectures and he really knows his stuff! He won't tell you exactly what you need to do for a project so you have to figure it out and work for it but he is always there to help!
                
                   Help was given when sought. It's best to talk and get feedback frequently
                