
                   Cates was a very good prof!  I really enjoyed her class, she makes it very hard to not do well in the class.  The tests are difficult but as long as you do the reviews and read the chapters you can easily get A's.
                
                   she was very unclear with what she wanted for the assignments and was very unorganized
                
                   The class was not busy like I thought it would be.  Do the work and you won't have any problems.
                
                   The class was fun, interesting, and you learn a lot about therapeutic communication. Class was every other week and a different profession teaching it. That create a huge challenge because each professor teaches and explains things differently for better or for worse. Future students, she will listen and help you the most. She cares. 
                
                   This program flip flops their professors each week at random to teach the lecture. Also, the classes are bi weekly, but still with a lot of work assigned each week for them. I am glad I made it through, but once I met other GN's... I realized that the amount of stress and torture this program gave me could have been subsided if I went to a diff one
                
                   Very intelligent and no patience for suffering fools gracefully. Demands excellence in clinicals and classwork. Don't ever try to argue or get help unless you want to feel two inches tall and worthless.
                
                   Dr. Tucker is very old-fashioned. She will make cameo appearances during classes. However, she can be misleading at times. She seems to be focused on building a new nursing building so she will only accept 20-40 students/year when there are 700+ pre-nursing students. This brings in more revenue for the program, while denying 600+. Be very skeptic!
                
                   I figured since the course was online it would be an easy A. WRONG! This is one of the more challenging pre-nursing courses. However, it is not impossible.  Look at his lecture notes along with the powerpoints. Participate in every discussion, it can save you a letter grade at the end of the semester. Test go into detail so make sure you're ready.
                
                   He is a real professional. He is helpful, even if you are not his student he will help you out with advice and hints. Extremely knowledgeable.
                
                   His long stories usually have a point or at least give you a laugh.  The class was difficult and I studied insane amounts. Most classes I can find a groove and settle in but not with this one. I couldn't figure out his rhythm and had to study crazy hard. I learned but not an easy A.  He's long winded and like to joke.  study the note, book, and mp3
                
                   I took health alterations online, and the online lectures and audio lectures helped alot with weekly quizzes and tests. The assignments are easily as long as you read the material (lectures) and have the notes in front of you. I would recommend this class for any level of student.
                
                   Enjoyed this class a lot! Dr. A is a fantastic professor! Stay on top of studying, and do all of the discussions. Be sure to do the study guides before the test. Tests aren't too bad if you study and know the diseases thoroughly. I used flashcards to learn all the important parts of the diseases (symptoms, causes, etc.), and it helped a lot.
                
                   One of the few instructors in the online program who provide study guides and actual recorded lectures.  Thank you
                
                   Great teacher! Very helpful. Read your book, do your discussions, and don't miss any quizes, you will get an A. The tests can be a little hard, but if you do your discussions and read other's discussions you'll do well. The readings aren't very long and they are pretty interesting. I really enjoyed Dr. A's class; it was the best so far at TAMUCC.
                
                   He is awesome. I wished all the professors were like him. I loved the guy.
                
                   I took the class online.  I LOVED it. At first he came across a little egotistical, but in the end was an amazing teacher who knew his stuff & was funny.  The tests came from his notes.  This wasnt a sluff class, but I learned a LOT, & for that I am very thankful!
                
                   Loved him! Yes, his tests are not the easiest but if you pay attention to the notes and listen to his lectures and take the time to google the information given and learn more about, you will gain a better understanding of all the information.  I think he is awesome! His tests are doable.
                
                   Impossible Test... Not based on lectures, notes, or book. I read all the chapters, took notes, listened to all the lectures, and studied. I barely passed his tests.
                
                   Tests are extremely difficult. He uses different test bank which does not match with the material that he cover in notes and lectures.
                
                   I took Patho online with him and LOVED it!!  He made it clear and easy.  He accomodated both the visual and auditory learner by having both notes and a power point you could listen to.  He was GREAT!!  I wish I could take more classes with him!
                
                   Great Teacher. Just study notes. Listen to lectures. Great Class, Great Teacher A+
                
                   Good class, lots of material to cover so it can be a little overwhelming. I took it online and didn't have any difficulties. Focus on the notes and lectures and you'll do well.
                
                   Tough but fair and consistent.
                
                   Very involved instructor
                
                   Tough but fair, you'll work hard and learn a lot.
                
                   Unclear directions, doesn't offer feedback, hardly posts her own material, slow to respond to issues--she'll just direct you to Blackboard Help, would not take again if I had the chance. All the students are lost & freaking out... we're literally teaching ourselves.
                
                   This instructor is helpful and recommended.
                
                   This was the class I thought I would struggle through, but I ended up enjoying it a lot. Be sure to read every week! There are 3-5 (usually lengthy) chapters assigned every week, do not get behind! Make flashcards of the drugs for tests! Do all the quizzes and especially discussions (they tend to focus on the important info!) Tests aren't too bad.
                
                   The class is hard, regardless of who your teacher is. But I liked Dr. Day's class, I felt like everything was laid out nicely and nothing was too confusing. Just a LOT of reading and you have to be early or on time. Plan everything out beforehand and set aside 4 hours a day to read Tests aren't that bad if you prepare. Flashcards are very helpful
                
                   Intelligent professor.  Confusing test material.
                
                   Make sure to completely abide by the schedule and you must do the readings. If not, you will not pass this class. No late work or make-ups are accepted. Instructions aren't always clear but other students and sometimes the assistant instructor will help. Make and use note cards for the drug classes for studying purposes. Just focus, it can be done.
                
                   I would not recommend this teacher. Her instructions are never clear, and when asked for clarification all she des is refer you to her original instructions. Her reasoning? She doesn't want to confuse students by repeating herself. Obviously if students are asking questions there is already confusion! Her assistant prof was more available than her!
                
                   Very difficult online class. Unclear instructions and strict deadlines, with zero opportunity for makeups or extra credit. Teacher grades rather harshly. No excuses accepted. Not much feedback or presence from the teacher. Best advice is: ditch life, complete every assignment promptly, and study like a man possessed. Oh, and pray. Fervently.
                
                   Teacher creates a difficult learning environment. Not very clear in instructions and would rather have students work together under her eye rather than meeting in their own setting for the sole purpose of making her job easier.
                
                   Advise: Follow all instructions, and you will be fine! Read ahead to be on top of your work, or else; drop! She is strict. Work extremely hard in order to pass the class. This is not a Professor for lazy students.
                
                   She is great when you are on top of things...brownie points.  You are required to download Lockdown software for online exams. Weekly group discussions are required which can be a bad thing if other people do not turn in their work.  Overall, it has been okay. Still recommend.
                
                   Don't rely on her test or quiz blueprints. She doesn't let you know what will be on there, they basically say "study everything".  Also, the 'drug quizzes' in class are not solely over drugs, don't be fooled by the name! She won't tell you what they're over though, so just prepare by reading everything scheduled for that week of lecture.
                
                   Awesome teacher. Super helpful, easy to go to for help. Extra easy assignments that just require effort. Study & read and you will pass.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Super helpful she is a teacher you can always go back and use as a resource and get guidance from. Very understanding.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   makes you think and work hard. You will learn!
                
                   Ugh this lady has a complex. She doesnt explain anything and when you try to ask her a question she goes on defence. She has a one track mind and cant see anything outside her little box. GOOD LUCK with her
                
                   Reading, reading, and more reading. You MUST keep up with your weekly reading assignments to do well in this course. Lecture is only once a week so learning to material comes down to how much work the individual is willing to put in outside of class. Prof. McClure  is hilarious! Get ready for an awesome semester in her class!
                
                   Professor is very knowledgeable in her field of expertise. Can be very helpful - responsive - truly wants students to learn the material.
                
                   READ THE TEXTBOOK. I didn't pass this course because I became very overwhelmed by all of the reading (about 4 chapters/week), so take this warning and READ. All exams cover about 12 chapters, that's 3 weeks, 4 chapters each, 12 chapters for the exam. Good luck. Besides that, she's fun to listen to and your hard work will be worth it!!!
                
                   Just read the text book.(lots of material )
                
                   Had her for online class for 1st semester in grad school for core class for NP & Nurse Leadership students. Very nice & offers help & tries to make things as stress-free as possible. Very funny also. Class required 2 group papers & 1 independent paper & weekly discussions, no late work allowed since lowest grade dropped. Recommend her.
                
                   Very knowledgeable professor. Even though she uses the Textbook slides, she personally expands on each slide in depth. She mainly emphasize patient care over memorizing each drug individually. Since she was a midwife she goes into tangents on pregnancy and women's health. I recommend her over the online class.
                
                   Professor is very knowledgable. Her lectures are boring and useless. The material you read is the exact same material she goes over. She uses someone elses slides for lecture. She does grade on a curve for test bc everyone does so bad. There is a lot of memorization. The study groups are a big help and the group work before class is too.
                
                   very nice and super fun to listen to during lecture but she focuses solely on the textbook to learn and this is NOT an easy class. most people are not doing well in the class but dr. olenick does try to help people out who arent doing too well. be prepared for tons and tons of reading.
                
                   Do not take her! She does not know what she is doing at all. She is not friendly or organized. She has a hard time of making things clear and her classes are very boring!! Not good.
                
                   
                
                   One of the best instructors I've ever had; goes above and beyond to make sure each student (that makes an effort) understands the material; WONDERFUL person
                
                   Very helpful, lectures are hints for test, 3 exams, 1 Hesi, final, case studies and modules. Practice test online are helpful for the test. if you go to class pay attention to what she focus on, you will get at least a B or better
                
                   know your****, but very open and won't sugar coat things for you, you'll really appr. it when u get into the real world
                
                   She is hard but you will learn your information and if you go into critical care youll be thankful.
                
                   Amazing professor who is a compassionate person as well.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   She is quick to reply to emails and wants her students to put their best foot forward(ie turning in work early).  Just hope you don't get stuck in one of the groups who doesn't participate. Online instruction requires Lockdown software for exams which is reasonable.
                
                   She likes to go on rants.    Just stay home and read your book because going to her classes are like getting a  lecture from your grandmother.  She has hearing issues, and it seems like she is yelling at you all the time.
                
                   Very nice, tries to give hints for her exams. Lecture are not that helpful but if you come to her for help she is always an advocate for students and tries to teach test taking strategies. Her notes are mostly where u can get your info for tests
                
                   No Comments
                
                   This lady well to say the least she has hearing issues. Clinical she is helpful but dont do check offs with her cause she wont hear you.
                
                   very nice, really wants you to learn the material. lectures are interesting, keeps students entertained
                
                   Smithers is very soft spoken. She often uses a mic. The program can be unorganized at most times. She may teach Pharmacology, but then another professor could be teaching it two weeks later. Each class is every other week, but work is still given each week. Be prepared to read a lot and know your medicine. This program is rough. -Graduated 2013
                