
                   He is just very hard
                
                   Dr. Toback is by far the most fun and entertaining professor out there. The best thing about him though is the fact that he actually cares if you learn the material and do well. He's there to help. Email and he'll respond within the hour personally. Great semester. Wish I could have him again. 
                
                   Dr. Toback is very helpful and is very passionate and knowledgeable about  what he teaches.   
                
                   Toback is a blessing to anyone needing a PHYS credit. His big bang class is fantastic and his lectures can get quite complicated, but he's always ready to answer questions and occasionally throws candy at you. Great professor that wants everyone to learn and enjoy our vast universe.
                
                   I cried when his class was over because he is just such a genuinely awesome person. That's coming from a Comm major. He wrote the textbook cause he wants people to understand how spectacular the universe is & that passion comes through in his lectures. I can't recommend this class enough. Ask for a Winnie the Pooh impression. You'll thank me later!
                
                   Dr. Toback is by far one of the best professors I've had at A&M. He is so much fun and genuinely wants you to understand and appreciate the material. There are no tests, but the assigned work can be very time consuming...but the class is absolutely worth it!
                
                   Seriously one of my favorite professors at A&M! I took his Big Bang, Black Hole no math with no previous experience with astronomy and I'm terrible at physics and I loved it and understood it! He's super funny and really wants everyone to make an A and is super helpful with papers. No tests, no final, no midterm just 4 papers. SERIOUSLY RECOMMENED
                
                   Dr. Williams is an excellent instructor. He is exceptionally intelligent with a firm grasp on the subject of astronomy.  If you read the chapters he assigns and pay attention, you will pass.  Recommended.  
                
                   We had online homework and a reading assignment almost every week but you can get partial credit up to the last week for them. I did all the online stuff but never did the reading assignments but still made a C. Your participation in class counts and can be extra credit and so is the planetarium shows. Loved the class! 
                
                   Professor Williams is hilarious! I laughed until I cried in his class. However, you need to be prepared to buckle down and take some detailed notes. Also, don't forget to take the quizzes online! If you do well on the smaller assignments, you'll be OK. He allows you to use a 8x11 double sided "cheat sheet" on all major exams.
                
                   Awesome guy and a lot like Leonard from Big Bang Theory. Exactly actually.
                
                   I agree with all of the above. Professor Williams is a great teacher with a great attitude and sense of humor. What he teaches is difficult to grasp, so ask questions! Don't be afraid to speak up! And its very cold and dark in the planetarium so its easy to fall asleep but that's not his fault. Just a heads up. And he is a lot like Leonard.
                
                   Very easy going, best teacher I've had at this school
                
                   Dr. Williams did really well with this class. He was very clear when explaining the material and helpful when you were confused. He kind of reminded me of Leonard from "The Big Bang Theory" with his personality and mannerisms. Did lots of examples to bring everything together. Good sense of humor. The material he teaches, not him, is what's hard.
                
                   Dr.Williams is a great professor. The class itself is not the easiest but it's not extremely difficult. He was very helpful and hip. One of my fave teachers, he made it easy to understand Astronomy since i'm not good at physics or astronomy. Highly Recommend! (:
                
                   So I took Webb Fall 2015 feeling like I could do well in the class. After staying (significantly) above average on my exams, I pull out of the class with a B. Out of more than 100 students, he only gave 8 students A's. I worked really hard and did well but ended up borderline and frustrating. The only curves were for scores way below average.
                
                   Very boring although he's very nice I can be funny at times. I respected him a lot however his lectures will practically put you to sleep and seem to make an already difficult and boring subject, even worse. If you feel physics is a strong suit go for it, if not, find another professor.
                
                   Webb is a pretty cool guy and tries to lighten up lecture with some pretty funny joke. His voice is a little bit dry and he talks slow so paying attention may be a little bit hard. A couple times he would get a little confused and mess up a problem on the board he was trying to explain
                
                   It's physics, it will be hard regardless of who you have. Dr. Webb is a good lecturer that really just wants you to enjoy what you are learning. He is a busy man that does a lot more at the university than just teach class, but he's there to help. I went to a few of his office hours and never had a problem he was always helpful. Would reccoment
                
                   Webb is a very boring lecturer and does not teach the material in a way that makes it easy to grasp.  Basically derives equations and never tells you how to use them.  His monotone voice makes it impossible to keep your attention.  I've never fallen asleep in a class before and yet was always fighting the urge during his lectures.   I'd avoid. 
                
                   Great professor. Teachers very well, always make sure students understand what is going on and make sure they get the grade they deserve. Exams are very difficult, but fairly curved.
                
                   Taking really good notes is a must to get through this course. The material is difficult and Webb isn't the best at explaining himself sometimes so if you don't pay attention you will get confused easily.
                
                   Suntzeff is an awesome professor who shares some really interesting stories about his work in astronomy, he knows a lot of famous scientists personally. Tests are easy with the majority of the questions coming from the homework assignments, and the online textbook portal. There is one assignment every week and one final essay.
                
                   He is an amazing professor that honestly loves what he teaches. His stories are incredible(he was on the team that won a Nobel Prize)making it so much fin to come to class. Tests are out of the book and homework and everything is curved. Definitely would take again if I had the chance.
                
                   The rudest professor I have had the displeasure of encountering. Has no respect for his students. Does not care whether they learn. Doesn't test over any of his lecture. Gets aggravated when students ask questions. Would not recommend to anyone. If you're looking for a science credit take entomology, oceanography, or astronomy with another prof.
                
                   Would not recommend to anyone unless you enjoy teaching yourself. He does give you a fair warning that nothing he lectures is covered on the test, however you still have to attend class for attendance participation points. Tests are from the homeworks but each test covers at least three homeworks and each homework has at least 50 questions.
                
                   Prof Suntzeff is very knowledgable in astronomy but I wouldn't recommend taking his class to satisfy a science credit. None of the information from lectures are on the tests so you have to teach yourself everything. Although attendance in not mandatory, iclicker questions are a chunk of your grade so you have to go to lecture to get those points.
                
                   He gives 3 non-cumulative tests. He is a really cool guy and very knowledgable in astronomy. He always has cool and hilarious stories to tell. His test questions are pretty much straight from the online homework, so as long as you review that you should make a good grade on his tests.
                
                   Professor Suntzeff was a great prof.  If you are reading this and you are about to take his class you should make it a point to visit him during office hours. You will probably not get a lot of opportunities in your life to hear the kinds of stories he has and is willing to share. Ask him about Richard Feynman or something.
                
                   Great prof. A little long in lecture, but tries to make it interesting. I always hated how kids would talk over him and make a bunch a noise when leaving. This guy's team won a Nobel Peace prize. He is very talented and listens super well to you. Loves Big Bang Theory and shows it in class.
                
                   He is a really great prof. Funny and knows what he's talking about and relays it so that you can understand it. He's lenient on attendance, but I recommend going for clarity of the info. Hw is out of the book and tests are basically hw questions. I passed all the homework's without cracking open the book, but if you plan on not attending get it!
                
                   Very easy course. He makes astronomy very fun. Attendance was not mandatory, but he made everything pretty easy to understand and very interesting. Homework is straight out of the book and tests are mostly from the homework questions. Overall very easy and fun prof/course.
                