
                   I really enjoyed her class overall. I felt like I have learned a lot and she has done a great job at explaining everything. She grades fair and the assignments are usually interesting, not boring.
                
                   Dr. Anderson has become one of my favorite professors, She used to be a teacher and she has so much information to share. As long as you communicate with. Her then she is super helpful!!!
                
                   She was very clear on assignments, somewhat stingy on some grading (if answers were too short for her expectations, for example) Yet, if I did all of the reading (book is actually somewhat interesting) and did the work, it was no problem for an A.  Some of the projects are somewhat involved:  WARNING She does NOT accept late work.
                
                   Only looking to satisfy herself and climb the career ladder
                
                   No Comments
                
                   You will hate this class if you have to take it with Azua. She's vague and doesn't give any instructions for her projects. She won't answer your questions, she's more of a cheerleader than a professor. Horrible class, horrible teacher!
                
                   He's inspiring. You can't take his class without being profoundly changed. Clearly an expert in his fields, he cares about the sucess of his students. He tries to make lessons hands on and memorable. Although I've had him for several class, I wish that I could take every class from him. I mesh well with his teaching style. You rock Dr.Brammer!
                
                   I enjoy his teaching style. His lessons are interesting and he funny in the way that he deals with some things. It's clear that he's highly inteligent. Even though his tests are extremely hard and his reviews frustrating, I would rather take a class with him than anyone else in te department. He really does care about the students.
                
                   Dr. Brammer is an outstanding professor.  I have learned so much from him...he relates well to students and shows a genuine interest in us.  He will be greatly missed.
                
                   Rob truly cares about every student in his classes, and he care about whether you comprehend the lesson being given. Not only is he the an expert in his teaching fields, he attempt in every class to make the activies interesting and informative. On top of all this, he's always more than willing to give tutoring or advice. WT will miss him greatly!
                
                   Dr. Brammer has a gift working with people.  This quality carries over into the classroom.  You will not leave without having been given opportunity after opportunity to stretch your mind.  Superb choice if you're expecting to learn something.
                
                   Never thought I could learn so much about weird stuff like ****s and spousal abuse.  Interesting class.  Smart professor.
                
                   This is a nightmare course.  Expect to really struggle with this course.  The professor is a trickster who does not grade fairly. He is unethical, cold, and floods you with work.  His grading assistant is rude.  This class is meant for an entire semester but is condensed to a semester.  It will crush any dreams of becoming a principal.
                
                   Very good teacher and very good class.
                
                   I only took her for IDS, so of course it was going to be pretty easy. But I would totally recommend to take her other courses! If I do the teaching major I am going to defiantly take her classes! She is always energetic and willing to help!
                
                   I have something due in every time I have her class. The assignments are not hard, but they do take some time to do. I am learning a lot from the assignments and class so I do not entirely mind. Textbook is used daily and she takes attendance grades. She is clear on what she wants and is very helpful.
                
                   She is one of the best professors I have ever had! Very nice, understanding, and helpful! Goes over all power points, and is very clear on what she wants! She is always willing to help! I used the textbook regularly because of chapter quizzes. Her test are information from the quizzes! I would definitely take her class again!
                
                   GREAT professor! She is very lovely and kind. We did use the book a lot to do what she called "chapter reading response" they were not hard at all though. Overall she is very sweet, I loved her class :)
                
                   She goes over the power points she has, and you do an activity. She doesn't use the textbook but once or twice in the semester. Gives extra credit opportunities, multiple choice tests. Only downside is a cumulative final.
                
                   She's strict about lesson plans, but LOTS of fun. Her tests are fair.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   She grades unfairly, she will ensure you make a c in her class. Don't waste your money or time with this professor. You will have spent so much money for the course and poured all of your time, effort, and energy into an assignment clearly worth an A but receive a C or D. She is horrible avoid taking this professor.
                
                   This professor is not there for her students. She can care less if you have paid over a thousand dollars for the class and have had emergencies come up. She is inflexible, and unfair. In her syllabus she offers local and on campus students opportunities for a higher grade than long distance online students in the same course.
                
                   I just finished her Reading in Content Area class for graduate school and I feel like I have learned a lot from her. I would definitely take another class of hers.
                
                   Her online class seems a bit haphazard. The weekly folder does not have all the assignments due for that week so it feels a little unorganized. If emergencies happen, she seems cold-hearted. I am really turned off to teaching ESL because of her poor attitude. Such a shame.
                
                   Really enjoy her love for the profession and her teaching style.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Buddy is a great teacher. He explains everything in a very easy way to understand. His tests are mostly memorization but he makes sure everyone knows the material prior to testing.
                
                   Buddy is awesome.  Funny.  Smart.  Nice.  So caring. A+  Take him for Classroom Management and you'll come out ahead of the rest.
                
                   If you are considering the field of counseling...this is the right guy to get an education from and graduate level.  Best Professor I have ever had in over 90 graduate hours.
                
                   Incredible professor...has enthusiasm for his subject area and really takes an interest in the future counselors he is &quot;coaching&quot;.  I have a lot of respect for him.
                
                   Hargrave is an awsome challening professor
                
                   A brilliant, caring, professional, and courteous professor. WTAMU should consider itself lucky to have him as a faculty member.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   The best professor I have ever had!
                
                   A sharp lack of actual teaching and generic communication on individual assignments.  Treating Grad School like a high school course with weekly timed quizzes is not effective teaching (or professing).
                
                   Dr. Riney has a lot to offer if you'll engage yourself w/in the class.  He expects student participation & encourages questions.  His methods class requires quite a bit of work, but he grades easy so an A is quite easy to achieve if you'll just do the work.  He's very understanding and is clearly there to teach.  He's also easy on the eyes...
                
                   Dr. Riney is an excellent professor- and I'd definately take another course from him.
                
                   Dr. Riney requires a great deal of work for future teachers. However, he is always willing to help students and spends extra time to do so. He's an inspirational educator!
                
                   Dr. Riney's multicultural education class was all about assigning blame to teachers instead of helping teachers find ways to bridge the gap to multicultural students!
                
                   What a jerk.  Insulting, boring, talks to people as if they are studid...spends most of his time paying attention to young attrative students.   As a male student who doesn' sing his praises and appreciate his lame sense of humor...I didn't stand a chance of an &quot;A&quot;   Run...run far away!
                
                   Lots of boring jokes, rambles
                
                   No Comments
                
                   I would have rather watched paint try.  He is ther eason our education system is messed up.  Terrible teacher!
                
                   Dr. Riney is funny,plus he's cute!
                
                   Subject matter is common sense, so it's kind of boring.  He has a good sense of humor which helps some.  But he paces non-stop around the classroom.  I leave feeling dizzy.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Dr. Rose is a great professor! His lecture movies are very helpful. If you do your homework and final projects you will do well in class. He is very prompt with his responses so you are never confused. I would recommend this professor and the Instructional Design and Technology program without hesitation. I am pleased with my choice of Master's.
                
                   I learned so much in this class. I love the video lectures. If you have any questions Dr. Rose always gives a prompt response. I mean it when I say prompt. I have enjoyed all of the classes I have taken with this professor. I would highly recommend the Instructional Design and Technology program at West Texas A& M. Very satisfied so far.
                
                   He is extremely helpful and the response time is amazing. You get a prompt response to your questions. His videos of the assignments are very good resources so you will not get lost in his class. I have enjoyed and learned from all of the classes I have taken with Dr. Rose. I would highly recommend taking this program. It has been worth my time.
                
                   Clear films that I will reference beyond this course.  Excellent, quick, and specific responses.  He is clearly working hard to make this course (and others) real-world applicable.
                
                   Very helpful and quick on responses.
                
                   Very helpful. Expects work done correctly and has some complicated assignments.  Very prompt on emails, grading and phone calls.
                
                   No textbook required, which was wonderful! His direction are straight forward, repetitive and understandable. I was already technology savvy but I learned a lot in his class also. Enjoyed it!
                
                   No textbook required which was awesome! He's a great teacher, I very much enjoyed him.
                
                   Great teacher, witty, clear on assignments, and if you have prior computer knowledge such as powerpoint, word, excel experience (even if it's basic exposure) it should be a breeze.  If you do not, however, you may have to take a bit more time, but he is great at explaining everything.  I wish I could have him for another class.  He was great.
                
                   Took online education technology.  Easiest class ever (although I have computer experience).  I hardly have to read the lesson before doing the assignments.  I spend about 1 - 2 hours a week on this class and have a straight 100 on everything.  Nice guy, well laid out online class with a lot of info.
                
                   She is an awesome professor that is concerned about the needs of her students. She is very flexible and is very helpful. I have always had great enounters with her. I feel that she genuinely cares about me.
                
                   Dr. Ashley is fantastic. She gives two tests, one paper, and one group project, as well as a field portion where you go to observe a classroom two hours a week. This class is the easiest A I've ever taken. TAKE DR. ASHLEY IF YOU CAN!!!!
                
                   Professor Bryan was a really easy prof. Some of her assignments were not clear but when you email for clarification she has a quick response that is very helpful. This class allows for creativity. The worst part was group projects. It is summer and unless you're both in cstat you will have to work over computer together to complete them. 
                
                   Caldwell was fun! Sometimes her projects/assignments are a little vague but if you email her she'll clear up your confusion. Several questions on quizzes/tests had wrong answer/multiple correct answers which was annoying but she'll add points to your final grade if she feels it was unfair. She loves feedback from her students!
                
                   Amazing professor! Take her if you can! She was very helpful at all times and so fun to have as a prof. 
                
                   GREAT CLASS! Fun. Just go to class. Caldwell is WONDERFUL.
                
                   Dr. Byrns is the best professor I have had and is one that I have the most respect for. She knows her material, she comes to class prepared and she keeps you entertained the entire time. I have never learned so much in one semester. She is amazing! 
                
                   Mr. Etchells is a great prof! He expects A LOT out of you, but the work is easy and he's fair with absences during placement and is excited to hear about your experience. He grades fairly (if you put effort into it you'll pass). He expects you to be very professional and won't answer you if you don't address him in that way. over all nice guy!
                
                   He does not help you if you have questions, he does not tell you where to buy school materials. He should known since he was the one that updated the syllabus. He did not since the store to buy the school materials changed to another location. If you send him an email, he will not answer to you. He will send an essay to the class, but not to you.
                
                   Erin and all the other Century Scholar counselors make it clear from the start that they want you to succeed at A&M. However, Erin's grading is unnecessarily tough for a scholarship class. If you don't put a date on your A&M tradition assignment expect to get points deducted. Kinda seemed like she was looking for any excuse to deduct points from us
                
                   I learned a lot in this class, but you will only learn what you put into the class. I enjoyed class every week. It was a 3 hour class once a week, but she almost always let us out an hour early. She seems a little unapproachable sometimes, but go to her office hours! It can help! Heavily writing intensive and reading intensive. BE PREPARED for that
                
                   I would never take another class with this prof. I got a very easy A but she was not a good prof at all.  We had a huge amount of reading for this class (get your books from the library).  There was one point in the year where we were working on FOUR projects at once. Just a bad prof overall, never clear, never answers questions. 
                
                   3 hour class that could be 1 hour because she spends two hours talking about herself. Four major projects that you will end up working on all at once because they overlap. Very easy grader but doesn't give grades back unless you ask over and over. Essays due every week, check the books out from the library. She is not a good prof, I learned nothing
                
                   1.5 page paper due every week (super easy though), an essay, 2  group projects, and no exams. The class overall is pretty easy if you just do all of the work. She gives full credit on the group projects as long as you do everything you're supposed to. Easy class, but everything is about her. Check weekly books from library instead of buying them.
                
                   Ms. Franks was not a very good prof at all. Talks about herself 247. She gave four projects that all kind of overlapped each other. Anytime you ask her a question she says "It's in the syllabus" which happens to be 37 pages long. She does not give grades back very often. She is an easy grader, she just really sucks as a prof and I learned nothing.
                
                   
                
                   She is too difficult. She expects you to be at her level before you come to class.  Unfair and unavailable...
                
                   Excellent Teacher! She was so nice and really just wanted you to try and do your best. I would definitely recommend her!
                
                   Very nice, kind of a nut, but memorable.  Easy assignments, but lots of them.
                
                   She is awesome!! If you turn in work and try....be prepared for an A!
                
                   Took this online, practically the whole thing was group work. Expect to dedicate a few hours a week to completing the assignments, but they're really easy. She can be somewhat biased but still an easy A
                
                   Dr Lynch is a superb professor. She makes expectations very clear and is very receptive to questions in class. It's not too hard to get an A as long as you keep up with the class and do the labs well.
                
                   This class was a lot of busy work for a new online class that one is suppose to take with his or her internship the last semester. From what I know, she is going to make it less work. Be prepared because she is picky. Allow time for office hours if you can because that is what allowed me to succeed in this class!
                
                   The way this class is set up, you watch a video and take a quiz before each class and then write a journal after that day in class. The class was interesting, but she made the material a lot harder than it needed to be on the tests. You thought you knew everything from class, but then the tests came around and it was harder. Attend each class!!
                
                   Tedious since it's an online class, but the worst part is that she assigns a group project for an online class with weekly discussions you do with them. You have to meet via Skype or video chat and you have to do a project with them which can be very difficult to accomplish. So far I have an A, but will never take her again. 
                
                   Dr. Mark is a great prof. I took her for both EHRD 303 and 473 online. She assigns a lot of work but it's easy if you don't wait until the last minute to complete all the work. The midterm and final are fairly easy as long as you read and listen to her lectures online. 
                
                   Dr. Mctigue is awesome! She has so much knowledge to share and really cares about her students. She is always willing to help you out if and responds to emails quickly. Her class was fun to attend because it was interesting and actually useful. Overall great professor!
                
                   As a Math/Science education major, I didn't think this course would be valuable; however, this class is very insightful and interesting. Dr. McTigue is very helpful. She has so much enthusiasm for this course that it was worth waking up early for the class. The exams are slightly difficult because of the amount of information in each, but not bad.
                
                   Dr. Muyia is very kind.  There's one big group project & a smaller project--which is pretty much assigned chapters for you to teach the class.  2 tests.  I thought they were kinda hard.  We pretty much teach ourselves in the class.  I enjoyed it.
                
                   Overall, the class was good. A big project that is divided in two parts, quizzes, and discussions. As long as you keep up you will be good. If you have any questions or concerns, she is very helpful in office hours.
                
                   The class itself is okay: 2 big projects: a current issues presentation and one group project where you create a training program. Discussion posts every week. DO NOT MISS ANY, it will definitely affect your grade. While she's nice enough, Dr. Muyia has NO sympathy whatsoever. Very no-nonsense. Just follow the directions and you'll prob do fine. 
                
                   No Comments
                
                   I took it as a wini-mester and it was amazing! I would recommend her for sure. Quizzes are quite easy if you read the book. Overall, it was a great class!
                
                   Very nice!!!
                
                   No Comments
                
                   This class was an easy A but I did not learn anything from it. Every week there was an assigned reading, a discussion post about the reading, and a quiz. He is very particular about your discussions but overall I recieved full credit on almost every discussion so don't let that scare you. Tests are easy because you get two attempts. 
                
                   Professor Sweet was a very great professor. She always reads through your assignments and gives you really great feedback. Make sure you look at the homework about a week early (it will all be up) and make sure you wont have to observe or anything. The activities are really engaging and easy to do. Test and Quizzes are not hard at all. Easy A!
                
                   Had her for my online class, ended up getting an A but you do have to work for it. The hardest part was trying to get together to work on a group project outside of the online class. I didn't like that. But an A is not hard to get in this class, you just have to do the work. Lots of little mid-week discussions and assignments.
                
                   The class sometimes seemed like busy work but I really respected her and enjoyed her personality. 
                
                   Rebecca Thomas is the sweetest lady ever She really cares about her students. I'm taking another class with her because I love her She's not boring, her classes are just at 8 am and she speaks softly. She is adding more projects that are fun and useful for our major such as our pinterest assignment. She is really helpful. I totally recommend her.
                
                   This class was ridiculously easy. We wrote a few papers and the tests were straight off of the powerpoints from class. She takes attendance, so dont miss class! If you go to class and look over the powerpoints, I'd say you're pretty sure to get an A.
                
                   Lectures can be boring but that is just because she isn't the most interesting presenter, the material is actually intersting and is easy.  There are periodic HW assignments; however, she grades VERY easy.  As long as you follow all directions, you will get a 100 on everything.  Tests are easy A's if you look over the powerpoints before tests.
                
                   You might find yourself falling asleep during lectures because she isn't the most interesting presenter but the class is actually kind of fun and the material is interesting. There are periodic assignments outside of class; however, she grades VERY easy so they are bascially completion grades. Definietly try to take this class with her!
                
                   Prof Thomas is not very interesting but she's very nice and cares about what she teaches. The class is an easy A but does require mandatory attendance! Some papers and projects are required but they are simple and easy to get an A on!
                
                   
                
                   This class is just easy in general, but it requires a decent amount of work and reading. Viruru seemed passionate about the subject. Quizzes and assignments every week, tests were easy.
                
                   I took this class online, but she kept her lectures interesting and useful. Definitely would recommend taking her! 
                
                   Tons of reading, no study guides, exam questions are either ridiculously easy or a "riddle". His hard questions aren't "higher order" they are simply hard, they aren't aimed at testing your comprehension of the content, rather to test your memory on some side note of a lecture.  The class is very dry but that may just be the nature of the content. 
                
                   Dr. Jay is an amazing professor! He gives a bunch of extra credit points for no reason and they're so simple. He is an effective teacher and actually interesting to listen to. There's not much text book use at all. Four tests and a final project, no quizzes. It's a pretty easy A if you go to class and study for the tests. I highly recommend him.
                
                   His tests are difficult... but I felt like my mind changed while in his course and I was glad I actually had to work for my A! It's weird, but I'm actually going to miss his class even though it was the most challenging for me this semester. Dr. Jay is awesome!
                
                   He is very professional and he really cares
                
                   He is very kind and gives great feedback. I would take him again if needed. He graded things very fast and was helpful as well. 
                
                   Dr. Araujo is easy going, highly intelligent, and flexible. He is extremely encouraging and makes you feel super comfortable in class, especially when it comes to reading personal narratives out loud (YIKES!). He gets his class out of their comfort zone, but creates a family-like atmosphere in his class. Take him if you have the chance!
                
                   Dr. Boggs is an awesome teacher! She teaches you a lot and gets you ready for teaching reading. I would recommend her to everyone!
                
                   Good professor and very entertaining. Makes school finance interesting.
                
                   She is a worst teacher, won't give you a good score, and even did not response you email. When you asked why you are wrong, When she see your email, she choose did not reply, then still give low score.
                
                   SHE WAS A GREAT PROF. I TOOK THIS CLASS ONLINE. MY ONLY REQUEST IS THAT SHE PUT EVERYTHING ON ECOLLEGE INSTEAD OF HAVING TO GO BACK AND FORTH FROM THE SYLLABUS AND ONLINE.
                
                   
                
                   Very informative teacher, a joy to have in class
                
                   No Comments
                
                   He was great and encouraging professor.
                
                   Professor Cardwell is great!  He has a lot of experience and cares about his students and their success.  Most of his classes are lectures, but the lessons are engaging.  Class discussions are honest and he will tell you like it is!  Tests are easy, hardly used the book, he gives you a CD with chapter outlines that you fill in during lecture.  
                
                   Awesome professor. Extremely professional and full of experience! I loved him!
                
                   He's really on top of it. He knows a lot about his topic and he makes the information both interesting and relevant.
                
                   if you go to class and pay attention to the lecture, you will make an a. Attendance counts as a test grade. We never used the book
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Class covers a lot of material, but his tests are very easy.  He goes over exactly what will be on the test the day before the test.  Tries to get everyone to make an a or b.
                
                   Very pleased with herself.
                
                   Although knowledgeable in the subject area, the instructor was pretentious and difficult with extremely high expectations.
                
                   Great class. I learned so much. Worked hard for my grade but it was worth it. Helpful and fair.
                
                   Great teacher! Most of her assignments are online but are fairly simple to follow. She gives really great feedback and will work with you if you are struggling. She's a tough grader &  her quizzes and exams all come from the PPR practice tests.
                
                   LOVED LOVED LOVED HER! SHE IS GREAT!! VERY VERY HELPFULLY! SHE TRUELY CARES ABOUT HER STUDENTS! I would take her again anytime!! :)
                
                   Mrs. Clark is an awesome teacher. Her class was my favorite and I looked forward to it. She is very knowledgeable, caring, and professional. Take this sweet lady if you can!!!
                
                   She is awesome and teaches a lot of good tactics. She does fly from one thought to another though.
                
                   Mrs. Clark is a wonderful teacher. I would recomend her!
                
                   Rhonda is awesome.  Her classes are always fun and interesting.  She makes things very to the point and clear as can be.  It's not a hard class, but it's not a blow off class.  The information you learn you will need, so if you skip a lot, then you will only end up hurting yourself and your future students.  BTW there's no exams in this class.
                
                   RUNNING RHONDA IS A VERY GOOD PROFESSOR. SHE TELLS YOU HOW IT IS..ONCE U GO INTO YOUR INTERNSHIP AND RESIDENCY--SHE IS A VERY GOOD PROF--
                
                   AWESOME TEACHER!!! Everyone should take Rhohonda honda!!! :) She is one of the best teachers at the campus! She tells you how it is, and gives you very usefull information for the future! So if you ever get a chance to take her....DO!!!
                
                   Take Rhonda Clark!! She is wonderful! She not only teaches you from the book, but also teaches and shares what you are really going to encounter once in the classroom. Class is always fun and there is always something to talk about.
                
                   She is wonderful! Very helpful. She seems to really care about you. She is well organized and makes the class seem fun and easy. I'm a senior student and she is the best teacher I've had at TAMU-C
                
                   Awsome teacher! You will get a lot out of the class. No tests, no homework..a couple quizzes and reflections. Very helpful and easy to talk too. Brings in speakers (principals, 1st year teachers, vetern teachers). Good discussions, interesting class.
                
                   She has wonderful intrapersonal and interpersonal skills. She is easy to talk to and supports brainstorming. I am taking her again for Eled 300.
                
                   Awesome teacher!  Great class discussions.  Tells you about the good and the bad parts of teaching.
                
                   Rhonda rocks!!! she really cares for her students and tells them everything she knows to help them succeed. I loved her class and learned lots from her. Would recommend her to any and everyone.
                
                   Excellent teacher, helped me a lot in my teaching studies, explains things extremely well and allows for success.
                
                   Take her for ELED 200...I don't remember doing anything in the class, but I did go!
                
                   Rhonda is an awesome teacher. She makes you do a lot of reflection assignments, but they will benefit you in the longrun. She's always available if you need any help.
                
                   Awesome teacher.  She makes you work hard and she does assign a lot of work, but it is easy and interesting.  She yaught me so much about teaching.  I loved her class and I would refer her to anybody who is an ELED major.  I hope I have a chance to take one of her other classes. Take her is you can!
                
                   I have learned more from her in how to teach my classes than any other teacher. She is a really good teacher. She makes you work. You will have homework almost every day. You work fast and hard but it pays off in the end. She will prepare you to teach. Great teacher!
                
                   Loved Dr. Dixon! She really knows everything about "word study".  Word study is very intense and complicated but she work with you if have any problems or question about anything.  Her assignments and group work are simple. Be prepared for group work. Study for her tests and you'll be fine. She responds to emails fast. She gives great feedback!
                
                   Dr. Green is a good teach, she is weird but good. I had fun in her class and learned about multiculture. The classes at night if taken you don't have to come every week. You have assisnments do online. She lets you pick the groups you want to work with. She know the information well.
                
                   Ms. Green  is such a great teacher. She makes class fund and  interesting. Easy A
                
                   Spends a lot of time talking about her personal opinions that have nothing to do with class, ex how she breastfed her son until he was 5. Has no control over class discussions, they wander off to other topics as well. And she will find a way to keep you until right before class is over. But everyone in my class made an A.
                
                   Dr. Green is new to Texas A&M-Commerce and works with students who wish to major in the Bilingual Education program. She's been teaching for many years throughout Texas. I strongly recommend her for either ELED 402 or 403...She shares her experiences with the class and makes the class fun.She's very
                
                   DR. GREINER IS THE BEST!!!  I love her class.  She's very clear, and even more helpful.  If you're a grad student, take her for Research Methods.  She'll make you understand EVERYTHING...even the dreaded APA...
                
                   Dr. Greiner Rocks.  Take her.  you won't regret it.
                
                   very smart and knows her stuff.  Take her for classes.  She is helpful and really listens will bend over backwards for you.  You must do your work and not a blowoff class.
                
                   Dr. Hase is a master teacher!  One of the best courses I've ever taken.
                
                   Spectacular teacher. Sad to see her go.
                
                   Dr. Hase is so knowledgeable about her discipline. She is a caring and understanding teacher and comes highly recommended by me!
                
                   She expects excellence from her students.  You truly will have earned your grade in her class.
                
                   Great professor.
                
                   I am almost at the end of my degree and I must say Dr. Hase is one of the BEST professors I have come across.I am very pleased with what I learned in her class -and feel that she REALLY knows her material.I am also pleased that she &quot;actually&quot; gr
                
                   Really great lady that knows her stuff.  She is very nice and listens to students.  I hope she is around for a long time.
                
                   Dr. Harris is a great teacher.  She is sarcastically humorous. She gives several writing assignments that I don't see relate to a reading class, but she has provided me with more useful information about teaching and strategies for classroom mgmt and teaching than any other Ed course I have taken so far. It truly is a shame she is retiring.
                
                   June Harris is AWESOME!!!!  One of the best teachers I have had thus far!  Very informative and fun!  Love her!
                
                   HARRIS IS A GREAT TEACHER and she tells it like it is...you will learn a lot of good info from her that will be useful in your onw classroom!
                
                   He is not very communicative and very vague in answers. Working online, it is hard not to be face to face. His class and type of lecture does not transfer well to the online course. I think I would have preferred his class in a traditional setting. He doesn't check in on homework, and it is all about the quizzes and the exams.
                
                   Some teachers are involved in online classes. This guy just collects his paycheck. When you ask a question about a quiz question he just reposts the question with no explanation. It seems so typical to me that he teaches gov't accounting. You have no choice but to take him for the required class but find someone else for direction.
                
                   do not take him ---one test only --final exam only he sucks
                
                   Dr. Harper is the best Prof I've had in the MBA program. Very good lectures. Very good notes. Take Dr. Harper, he will help you understand how it fits into the real world-- he's not just an academic. This class is not an easy-A, but he will match your level of effort. He also doesn't put up with whiners, or people that expect special treatment. :)
                
                   I really liked this class. Dr. Harper is very intelligent. The discussion questions in class were very useful and informative.
                
                   Awesome professor.  Has a lot of real-world experience to back up what he says.  I would recommend him to anyone.
                
                   Good teacher
                
                   Dr. Hardy is very personable and really cares about his students.
                
                   Great professor.
                
                   Great guy.  Really is helpful and has alot of insight into education.  I REALLY recomend him as a prof.  GREAT CLASS!!!
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Good luck trying to get any questions answered.... Does not answer emails and evades questions.
                
                   Does not teach anything, forces you to teach yourself. Never answers question directly.
                
                   Bless Dr. Hogan! She is one of my favorite & inspiring professor ever! I also took her for SPED 346 about a year ago. Her assignments and exams are fairly easy and gives great feedback on them. 
                
                   Very disorganized class and teacher is not technogically proficient for online class.
                
                   Scattered syllabus; unprepared for class.
                
                   She may be nice, but she is not organized and you will never know what you are suppose to be doing. She was replaced the 3rd week of class because she is too busy working on her dissertation.  If you have a choice - choose another teacher for ANY classes she teaches.
                
                   If you like guess work take this professor.  She is too busy with her own school work to pay any attention to her students.  This can however work to your advantage if you don't care about learning anything.  UNORGANIZED
                
                   Unorganized and appears to be uninterested with the class. Apparently cares more for own education than that of students. Hard to get in contact with. Often late.
                
                   Very helpful.  Willing to help her students.
                
                   Great person. Seems to really care about people. She carries a huge load of classes and interns and amazingly handles it all well.
                
                   Love her BUT she's confusing me to death and doesn't always do what she says she's going to do. Watch out for her bad days...other than that, she's great.
                
                   I thought she made the class very interesting and she seems nice. I heard she can sometime not be very tactful if you are a future resident of hers though.
                
                   I learned a lot in her class although at times she was not easy to understand.
                
                   Great information to gain, but you may have to work for it at times. She is great outside of the classroom - talk to her if you have any problems. Her tests are stressful at times, but not anything that can't be completed.
                
                   Best professor I've had thus far!
                
                   Loved having her. It is great to have someone that is still active in the classroom to teach you. Would love to have her again. Can't say how great she is!!
                
                   She is amazing! Because she is in the field, she gives real world advice. She is a fantastic teacher, and cares about her students. 
                
                   By far one of my favorite instructors. Her class was fun and I looked forward to it every week. She was funny as well as extremely knowledgeable. Assignments were easy. There were two tests, both take home and very easy!! If you show up to class, participate, and turn in assignments on time you will make an A in her class! TAKE HER!!
                
                   This was probably my favorite class this semester! Her class was so easy. There were only three major projects & two exams: midterm & final, which are (take home. She really funny & is always sharing stories about how she teaches. TAKE HER!!!! SHE AWESOME!!!! :-)
                
                   This was probably my favorite class this semester! She only had 3 major projects & two exams. She really funny & always shares stories about how she teaches. The best part is that her exams are (take home), so nobody should fail them.
                
                   good job
                
                   
                
                   Online class with lack of direction. Constant misspellings and mispronunciations of words in audio-visual presentations. No grades updated online! Horrible!! Worst class I've had in the entire doctoral (which she pronounces "doctorial") program!!
                
                   For an on-campus Summer course, our 3 hours a week was used inefficiently. We spent the entire class (every week) in pure discussion while Dr. Justice sat in the back of the room & listened. This could have easily been online. Assignments were unclear & confusing; final week & still no grades posted. If you like structure, avoid this instructor!
                
                   In an online class she posts a syllabus day one, disappears day two, then you get a grade posted end of the semester. No help, no other grades or feedback. Required classes. Awful
                
                   Good instructor. Available when I need help!
                
                   very caring and in tune with the real world of education.
                
                   There are a lot of things to say about professors, but as far as Ms. Justice is concerned, she honestly gives a damn. She is an honest to goodness good, caring person and it is reflected in her teaching style. Excellent teacher, excellent person.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   very disorganized.  Unclear on directions.
                
                   A great class and I learned alot she is a great teacher
                
                   It was a good class.
                
                   Great instructor!!! You will learn alot and is great about students asking questions and participating.
                
                   She is really great person. She makes learning fun. She has lots of experience with teaching and knows the importance of education
                
                   Super easy, do the work and you will pass. There is 1 test and it is open book!
                
                   
                
                   He's tough, but fair. All assignments were listed and due dates given at beginning of the semester. Some students are just whiners who don't read the syllabus. He was an outstanding professor.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Dr. Linder was extremely easy, but you do have a lot of assignments and reflections. She read to us everyday which stressed the importance of reading in the classroom. Overall, I enjoyed her class although sometimes I did feel as if I was back in kindergarten.
                
                   He focuses a lot of his attention on getting you ready to write and present. 
                
                   He has problems disseminating the information to students . He wants information presented his way not how you interpret it. He expects you to present information in a way he understands which is why he presents an outline in his syllabus. Do not deviate from this outline as he told "me purpose of the paper is... so you may learn to think like me."
                
                   She is WONDERFUL! I love her! She is very organized, and teaches a lot about what you need to know as a future teacher.
                
                   She is great! She has fun projects and you have plenty of time to finish them.  She always gives a study guide and reads a childrens book everyday in class. Very informative and has lots of real life examples from her own teaching experiences.
                
                   love her !!! She is a wealth of information. If you take care of business you will be fine in her class.
                
                   I love this class.  She is one of the best.  Very clear and very ORGANIZED and I love when my professors are organized.  She is awesome make sure and take her for RDG.
                
                   very nice and soft spoken.  she reads children's books in class and really has helped me a lot.
                
                   She is an awesome teacher!  Lots of real world experience and very helpful.  Her class is full of great information that you can really use as a teacher!
                
                   Scatter brain, no clear directions on projects. So unorganized and acts like a child. Stay away, far away.
                
                   She is not organized  and does not grade on time or give feedback on time. She rarely responds to emails and when she does it is 3-4 days later. Then she does not clarify when you ask her for assistance.
                
                   Both classes I took from her were hybrid classes and they were super easy although the content taught in there was repetitive from all the ECE courses. Classes are once a week in all of her courses 
                
                   This was a easy A class for the most part. She does assign a lot of work that makes you feel overwhelmed. She gives about three or four exams a unit. All of the exams are unlimited, but the answers are never in the right chapter. It could be a chapter 4 exam, but you will be finding answer's in chapter 12.  It took me hours to finish a 10 questions
                
                   Easiest class I have ever taken. Tests are online and you get unlimited tries. Lessons do not relate to the book. They are off-the-wall non related material. Easy A but if you want to lean something do not take her the class is useless!
                
                   Hybrid class, but attendance was not mandatory.  Easy A but if you want to learn, she is NOT the professor for you.
                
                   LOVE her! Meet once a week, a lot of work/quizzes online but for an education major, they are super easy and worthwhile. This is the third time I've had her, and I would highly reccomend any class she teaches.
                
                   Easiest class ever! Met once a week, did most work online. Alot of the assignment dates changed (often, lol) but it really was a breeze.
                
                   Easy A just do the work meets every other week. Quizzes online and can take them as many times.
                
                   Hybrid class, So easy! Class was every other week. Online quiz due once every 2 weeks and you can retake it as many times as you want and keep the highest grade. (Got all 100's) Had a couple other assignments but none were hard at all. She showed a very interesting movie, as well. Very easy class and I feel like a learned what I needed to, as well.
                
                   This was one of the, no the WORST professor I have had. It took her forever to grade our assignments and even respond to emails. When she did respond she was rude. If you ask her for help, good luck getting any! I would not tell anyone to take this class. I feel like I did not learn anything in this class because all of the work was just busy work!
                
                   smart girl
                
                   :)
                
                   CK is probably the coolest teacher that i have had since I have been in college.
                
                   I really don't think you can call her a teacher. The class is suppose to be for future teachers and she's absolutely horrible! She does nothing for the class except take photos the first day ( a lil weird) but everything else is directions from the computer..terrible teacher... easy class
                
                   Dr Page was one of the best professors I have ever taken! He truly is passionate about teaching and helps out anyone who needs it! He is really getting us ready for the real world, including TEXES.
                
                   Great professor! Is kind and understanding and very clear with assignments. 
                
                   He helped a lot with my graduate course information. Good professor, easy a. 
                
                   Dr. Page is awesome. He knows his material and is very helpful. He wants you to learn all that you need to graduate and be the best. Defiantly take him if you have a chance.
                
                   Fantastic professor!
                
                   Awesome teacher! Expects a lot from his students and doesn't play games! Really encourages you to do your best and teaches the material well so that you can do so.
                
                   
                
                   No Comments
                
                   I had some trouble understanding why I should take the class but I think that it was helpful.
                
                   HE is a great guy and will bend over backwards to help his students
                
                   This teacher was very easy! You had homework and readings due every week, but it was nothing you could not do. There was also 3 lesson plans that had to be completed, and 1 presentation. She is very helpful! The exam was essay form though and each question had to be a minimum of 2 pages! But other then that it was a very easy class!
                
                   She is very easy and if you do your work you will make an A took her on-line class
                
                   Instructor is helpful, kind and very willing to explain subject matter. If you do your work you will make an A or B!
                
                   Easy class, good teacher.
                
                   The complaining reviewer is obviously a goober. I've had Dr. Reid for 5 courses- awesome professor, extremely helpful, very clear, and very interesting. He does expect you to do your work and be an adult, but he isn't &quot;unrealistic&quot; in any of his policies. He is the reason I am a teacher today, and I email him when I have a problem student.
                
                   Has unrealistic late policy.  He would not accept or even grade work i did that was turned in 10 minutes past the due time. I did amazing quality work but because of work schedule i had to do it at night. I had a D until he realized i was going to press for a grade appeal. When he finally graded the work that was just sitting there I got an A.
                
                   Pretty ok guy.  Fair and pleasant takes alot to fluster.  Looks like Newt Gingrich.  Little bent on Harry Wong's book.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   She flunks people jus for fun!
                
                   contridicts her self. lipstick
                
                   She is extremely demanding.  Her expectation is for you to conduct yourself as a complete professional - if you cannot handle that, go elsewhere.  I will always have the utmost respect for Mrs. Reece.
                
                   She thinks everyone should by from Highland Park and be cute and rich.  Way out of her element in college.  Needs to retire.  YOu must fit her image or you are toast.
                
                   very moody; into herself; thinks everyone comes from money
                
                   She comes from public schools in Rockwall.  Very organized and well prepared.  YOu had better fit her model as a teacher or you are toast.  An ok professor.
                
                   She is great - I really like her as a person and a teacher.  However, I would hate to get on her bad side!
                
                   good teacher who sometimes is in to herself; has a good perception of teaching and helps you with it; from Rockwall
                
                   plenty plain and average.  Thinks well of herself.
                
                   i have conflicting views about her. I worked very hard but got a &quot;D&quot; in the class despite great observation and in class work. I guess her midterm and final screwed me since they were old excet tests.
                
                   Wonderful!
                
                   Demanding. She expects nothing but professionalism from those that are soon to be professionals. But, she helpful, and she has an honest desire to see that her students excel. Her years of experience in the feild are nothing short of a goldmine of helpful resources for those new teachers.
                
                   this woman doesn't believe in A's and wrecked my GPA.  when questioned about it, she said a B was above average.  also, she teaches the class like it was a high school class.  very condescending
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Generally good prof if you ask questions
                
                   Excellent teacher and liason.  She has helped me grow as a teacher and she expects the best and hard work from you but you gain so much from it. I would take her again for another class.
                
                   She is a great teacher. You have to earn your grade and to be a teacher you need to be qualified not just privilged.  She is a great example of what a teacher is professional
                
                   She is a great teacher.
                
                   She is a very poor college teacher.  I wish there were someone else to teach this subject.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Dr. Raine is a brilliant professor. She does like to "pop" quiz during attendance so be sure you have completed your reading material and study guides. She is not an easy professor, but I feel like I will be prepared for the certification exams. I strongly recommend her, this is not a class you want to get an easy A in. Very important material.
                
                   Tough, but she gets us ready to pass certification exams!
                
                   I really did like her..she is a little monotone but she really knows her stuff and makes sure you know it by the time you are done with her class. It was by far one of my most successful classes.
                
                   I was not fond of Dr. Raine, she never clearly answered any questions I had!!!! I felt dumb every time I left the class, because she does not come down to a level that you are able to understand easily!!
                
                   Class is boring and tests are not reviewed for or do the test cover what were in lectures.  If you are a male avoid this class
                
                   The class consists of three projects that are super easy and three tests. The tests are pretty hard. I had a 4.0 until this class. If you know the material of how to teach students to read not using phonics then maybe it wont be so hard but if you learned it the old school way this is a difficult class because she doesn't teach it to you she teache
                
                   I was a point away from making a &quot;B&quot; in the class.   I should've studied harder for my middle exam but am nonetheless glad this class is out of the way.  You have to pay close attention and the hardest test is definitely the middle one, study those sounds.  I really liked Dr. Raine, she definitely has made a lasting impression.  Great teacher!
                
                   Gives alot of work but well worth it.  In class it feels like you are doing nothing but then the tests come and you realize how much you have learned!  Great professor!!
                
                   No Comments
                
                   I am Doctoral Student and Joyce Scoot is the worst instructor in the world. Selfish, careless and giving nothing expecting too much. Very old and she can easily destroy your academic career. Keep away from her.
                
                   Impossible "A", very hard work
                
                   I have taken two classes with Dr. Scott, and she has always been helpful and very responsive.  Her classes are not easy, and she demands a lot from her students, but she is extremely fair.  A lot of reading, but the texts that she uses are very good and I have used them as resources for my other classes.  Her exams are also usually written form.
                
                   This was a great class.  Dr. Scott was helpful, and she made the learning experience enjoyable.  She was very responsive to emails.  The textbook was used extensively.  Class participation was a key part of the experience.
                
                   At the graduate level, you will only get out of the class what you are willing to put into it.  This was a very challenging class!  Dr. Scott was always responsive to emails and was wiling to help if you asked questions in out out of class.  She is one of the best teachers in the department.  She is knowledgeable and cares for the students.
                
                   Watch out! Engages in favoritism, quizzes are &quot;gottcha&quot; games rather than tests of knowledge, someone needs to inform her that she doesn't know all this is to know, and came out of administration and apparently has little interest in teaching.
                
                   No feedback, confusing syllabus, does not respond to questions, syllabus does not match online instructions, you never know where you stand in this course or what is expected. Avoid this instructor if possible.
                
                   Straight from the book I took the class in the summer so was tons of work however she knows her stuff and is very fair in grading, little hard to follow but very do-able!
                
                   great professor really
                
                   No Comments
                
                   He is a great professor who understood that the vast majority of graduate level students have jobs and families on top of school. He still had high expectations, but not ridiculously over the top expectations like other professors.
                
                   What can I say&#63;  I consider myself pretty knowledgeable about educational technology and various computer &quot;stuff.&quot;  Dr. Smith really took that and expanded it.  I know ALOT more than I did going into the class and I didn't think that was possible really.  Great guy, great class, and great learning.
                
                   She is an awesome professor.  Very wise and extremely helpful.  She knows her stuff!  She is a lady that is full of integrity.  Has a kind heart.  Deserves lots of respect.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   awesome.  Dr.  Smith is so understanding and one of the best professors I have EVER had.  I recommend her to everyone.
                
                   Loved her eled class. Her lectures were very interesting, and the homework was always researching new things about education which was really interesting as well. She is a great teacher and makes class fun. She assigned two projects that were a lot of fun to do as well. Tests were easy. Schedule is made clear.
                
                   She wakes you up to the realities of teaching. But she's a great instructor.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Great conversations and scenarios, not much substance. Will have to teach myself what I need to know for comps.
                
                   Dr. Thomas is amazing!! Although her class is kind of tough; she will work w/ you. I took her previously for another SPED class. The bad thing is the she retired this year... :-(
                
                   Professor St.Clair demonstrates how to be a boring teacher. Her class drags by and you'll constantly watch the clock. As long as you do the work you'll breeze through. This is very much like ELED200 with a touch of PSY200. Test are fairly easy. Suffer through her monotony and you'll get an A.
                
                   Prof. St. Clair is... unique. You won't learn much in her class but it's gonna be an A as long as you do the work. We mostly used the book in class and the work isn't hard. Try not to miss class because there are attendance points but if you're absent you won't miss any information. She gives you a chance for extra credit but you shouldn't need it.
                
                   This woman needs to be fired! By far, the worst teacher i have ever taken! She talks down on all her students and makes them feel like they will be NOTHING when they graduate. Asigns TO much work. can't tell the difference between &quot;THERE&quot; and &quot;THEIR&quot;. Always has to be right. JUST HORRIBLE!
                
                   Susan Szabo is is a hard teacher, but she is very thorough and I took away a ton of useful infor from her class.  I think she is a great teacher, but it is a ton of work.
                
                   She knows her stuff, but she doesn't know is how to be organized.  She assigned a lot of projects that are not hard but are very time consuming.  If you are taking 15 or more hours, then do not take her.  It is near impossible to complete assignments by the random due dayes.  Like I said she knows her stuff, but it's a time consuming class.
                
                   HORRIBLE!! One of the worse teachers I've ever had.
                
                   disorganized and unclear!
                
                   Scatterbrained and disorganized. Would talk about handouts she forgot to send us. Changed mind everyday when you asked for clarification about assignments. Got frustrated with students easily when they asked questions. I was clueless most of the semester-in a Master's class!
                
                   She is very disorganized and changes her mind after she has given an assignment, many people ended up re-doing assignments because she changed her mind...
                
                   No Comments
                
                   She takes her job seriously, but still has fun with it. What others mistake for disorganized is really her intelligence shining through. She is so knowledgeable in her field (reading) that she wants to cover everything. That, I am thankful for. She provides good hands on instruction and gives you excellent tools to use in your classroom.
                
                   She was VERY clear to our class what her expectations and deadlines were.  The assignments were relative to the course outline and outcomes.  She is a balanced instruction professor, and knows how to change the course to fit the needs of the students.  I would take another course from her anytime.
                
                   She plays the Happy Day Theme Song  :-/   She throws assignments left & right.  Our group was ALWAYS lost.  She seems at times frustrated when we ask her to repeat her directions.  She's an OK teacher.  LOTS of presentations. If you piss her off you'll 4ever be on her bad side... Trust me, I know... I think she didnt like me from beginning anyways.
                
                   Gain useful information from the class.
                
                   Very disorganized and hard to follow.  Has no classroom control...almost like a Pre-K classroom on the first day of school!!! (but every day)
                
                   Very strange class, disorganized, & you never knew what to expect.  Easy class, students do most of the teaching & you have &quot;projects.&quot;
                
                   the class was fairly easy but very unstructured you never know when things are due all you do in class is listen to others present their projects and she gives real vague and unclear instructions but she expects things done in a particuler manner. Over all I would say this class was a waste of time especially if you have taken any reading classes.
                
                   Dr. Szabo was a wonderful teacher. She is very clear and she made the class really fun. She gives you all of your projects at the beginning of the semester and lets you set your own due dates. I learned a lot from Dr. Szabo. Fun class. Very easy.
                
                   I highly recommend Mrs. Urbani.  She is fair and enjoyable. You get out early almost every class and you are given plenty of notice about everything you need to do in this class.  She brings lots of examples of what she expects.
                
                   Aragon people he thinks he is the top authority in his field, however he is so old and never interact with students  skip his class you will learn anything and you will waste your time  
                
                   Dr. Travis the most aragon people on the world. He does not care students expectation only selfishness. Heavy textbook and not clear implications. 
                
                   For the Higher Ed and Law class, Dr. Travis focuses on understanding how to reference the cases and the implications he draws from them. In many instances, his implications are taken directly from the text of the case review involved. He is precise so language matters. Not reading all the cases each week is a huge mistake. 
                
                   Dr. Travis gives a very detailed syllabus that is a great help and he sticks to it, too. I liked that and that I could ask him questions after class and he answered them without treating me like I am stupid for asking, which some instructors do. If you've been in graduate school for a while, you know he is a better instructor than many others are.
                
                   Still uses an overhead projector. Needs to update his lecture. I suspect he is using the same &quot;Overheads&quot; he used two decades ago. He is very biased in his views regarding  qualitative vs quantitative research.  This class was a necessary evil.
                
                   Sorta a weird guy who knows very little about qualitative research.
                
                   Hard to follow but good teacher
                
                   Yes he does know his subject matter and he does like to talk about his accolades.  He has his favorite students and he likes to tell you when your wrong and why he's right.  If you ever get on his bad side you can never get off it. Also if you have anything to do with athletics, kinesiology, health, or physical education good luck.  He is one of th
                
                   He is a very well informed professor.  He does tend to go on and on about certain subjects, but other than that, he's a great teacher..
                
                   very helpful.  knows his topics very well.  wants you to do well and is willing to help.  wish he taught more.
                
                   Well versed in subject matter; able to convey meaning to content; can explain difficult concepts pertaining to law for student benefit; overall fine professor
                
                   Very knowledgeable. However, he tends to go on, and on, and on, about the same thing! He loves to hear himself lecture and enjoys to hear himself talk about his accolades. He teaches educators how to teach yet does everything in class he says not to do.
                
                   He is a challenging professor.
                
                   He lectures most of the time, but he is very knowledgeable for the subject matter.  His Law class and advanced research class are the very good and I learned a lot from him.  He is also very helpful when you need help outside class or recommendation lette
                
                   When it comes to SHED courses, he is thorough and in touch with the new trends in higher education. Although he lectures most of the time, he has a broad knowledge of the topic. I believe he is a &quot;guru&quot; in his field and deserves much respect.
                
                   He is arrogant and thinks he is God to education. He needs to really realize that a PH.D means Piled High Deep.
                
                   Will make you challenge yourself and thought processing. Wonderful professor
                
                   Great class and great instructor. Don't look for someone to hold your hand in this one. You are given a destination and left to find a path on your own. Lot's of group work!
                
                   I loved him for TDEV 424,funny and smart.  Not hard
                
                   Awful!  This is a poorly prepared bias farmer that's voice sounds like nails on a chalkboard.
                
                   He it the best professor. Group work.
                
                   Hes Grrreat! :)
                
                   He is the real deal. Pyle, G. is right on the money! He is country AND smart as a whip, just like Pyle.  You've got to have what it takes to make the grade but don't worry as he is there to help you make it through. He is funny, goofy, serious, and learned. He gives of himself and will stand behind/beside his grad students. Expect to be challenged.
                
                   i am taking his stats I class for the 2nd time.my first try was not a failure, even though i have to take the class again.a &quot;c&quot; does not cut it in a doctoral class.  i dont fault waller for my failure. i never liked math and it showed, but never prouder of a &quot;c&quot;.I EARNED IT! waller helped me REALLY GET IT, now i'm tutoring classmates. GO FIGURE!!
                
                   Dr. Waller is demanding, but very willing to help you make the grade IF you put in the time and effort.  For those of us who had been out of math for a while, he gave clear, concise directions and pushed us to the upperbounds of our limits :::))).
                
                   Statistics is a hard course.  Dr. Waller loves the subject and does all he can to clear up the topics.  He is a great teacher who treats students like adults and peers if they earn his respect.  I wish he taught everything!
                
                   I read the comment about taking a course from Gomer Pyle.  Give me a break!  Dr. Waller is a blast!  His sense of humor is hilarious.  He is so knowledgeable and willing to help within the bounds of reason.  He expects students to put forth some effort.  He will help those who are willing to help themselves!
                
                   Dr. Waller is cool!  He has a real sense of humor.
                
                   Makes a dry subject enjoyable to learn! He gives clear expectations and sets high standards. I would recommend his class to anyone.
                
                   taking a class from him is like taking a class from Gomer Pyle. its time to change my major since he teaches all of the classes in the degree.
                
                   Great professor, really helps you understand the material and apply it to your specific area of interest and/or work. He also treats his students in graduate classes like adults and professionals, not like children  in a classroom.
                
                   Best professor at A&M Commerce.!!!!
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Dr. Walker was a good teacher. She is not teaching anymore but thought she was a good teacher. She really treated everyone like a teacher and not just students. Easy A if you apply yourself.
                
                   She is great! She expects you to take the initiative - won't hold your hand and tell you exactly what to do - she wants you to decide for yourself. Microteach was stressful but great practice for when we are in our own classrooms!! Would love to have Carole again!
                
                   This professor was up and down like a roller coaster.  She was very hard to understand and hardly gave any direction.  I was NOT impressed at all!!!!
                
                   A super involved class but you learn so much! I learned more in this class than any other class on how to teach and she is just so loving and supportive and awesome!
                
                   I love Dr. Walker! I learned a ton in her classes. She presented things well, she always had activities in class..it wasnt just reading. She made it easy and understandable on how to get your portfolio ready and how to become a great teacher! yeah, she is quacky, but that is what makes her great. she isnt boring and monotone like other teachers in that dept.
                
                   Can you say nut-case&#63; I don't think I ever walked out of her class sane. She can be nice, but I don't recommend her...try Rhonda Clark!
                
                   URGH, don't like Dr. Walker.  She's kind of on her own planet and has the tendency to forget things.  She's also very difficult to work with one on one.
                
                   Out of touch with reality.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Cannot teach and doesnt. Makes up assignments as he goes  along.  Shows favoritism.  Is not fair in grading and does not listen or consider problems your having.  Shoud not be teaching
                
                   GREAT teacher!  I thought Research Methodologies was going to be very scary, but it wasn't so bad!  I took the course online, but she provided great feedback was helpful every step of the way.  Also, the syllabus was extremely clear and easy-to-understand, so that was SUPER HELPFUL.  Would recommend her for any course!  :)
                
                   GREAT Instructor HIGHLY recommend her, she expects a lot of you however she is there every step of the way to help, I learned to LOVE Research GREAT class and teacher, take her you won't regret it!!
                
                   Dr. W is very pretty. She's kind. I loved this class.
                
                   pretty thorough and not that difficult. i would recommend.
                
                   She is a charming lady with good teaching and presentation skills.
                
                   Good Teacher, loves what she does
                
                   Great instructor for online courses - and any courses you need!  Has an AG background, but really knows her computer stuff.
                
                   Very good and sweet lady. Love to attend her classes.
                
                   This was probably the easiest online class ever! Professor Wolfe responds to emails really fast. The assignments are fairly easy & there all online. Just follow the syllabus & you'll be fine. No quizzes or exams! Be prepared to use a lot of technology but it comes in handy in the end. I would recommend Professor Wolfe for anyone who need ETEC 424.
                
                   One of the most talked about elementary education professors around.  She lets you know what it's really like teaching.  Knows what she is talking about, and tries to make it as easy for you to learn and understand as possible.  I would definitely recommend taking her class.
                
                   Paula is just the best, period.
                
                   Wonderful teacher, person and friend!!!!
                
                   the woman has a laugh that will never be forgotten..seriously. she is soo much fun. her classes are laid back and you have a good time. she gets the point across and is personable with her students. great teacher!
                
                   SUCH A WONDERFUL TEACHER, SUCH A GREAT INSPIRATION TO MY LIFE!!!!
                
                   She is the best teacher I've had so far in college.  Take her!!!!!!!!
                
                   This LADY is one of the best teachers I have ever had the pleasure to work with. Her enthusiasm for her subject, love of her students, and sense of humor are truly inspiring! Every Texas child should have a teacher as great as Mrs. Witt.
                
                   great person and teacher
                
                   She is a great teacher with wonderful ideas!  She is soooo funny with a one of a kind laugh!
                
                   Great teacher! Interesting, funny, and REALISTIC! I learned alot and I didn't have to kill myself doing it!
                
                   No Comments
                
                   This was a really easy class.  Kinda boring but you just do reading guides and you can use the book, 2 or 3 tests, and maybe 1 other assignment.  He is a nice teacher and will help you if you ask. I would take him again if I could.
                
                   hes good to take if you just want a grade and dont really care about learning. hes a nice guy but doesnt always know what he's doing.
                
                   Really nice and caring lady.  Elementary content.  Weekly quizzes that include everything in lecture.
                
                   She use to me a Middle School teacher so she teaches a lot as if the class was still middle school. Hard grader, takes off points for everything!
                
                   The material was interesting but the teaching was not.
                
                   Very professional.  Has very high expectations, but will assist you to achieve her high standards. Learned more in this class than my entire graduate career.  HIGH RECOMMEDATIONS!
                
                   High standards ecourages one to work for their grade. Positive, Professional, Sincere. Model of Integrity and Excellence.
                
                   SHE IS VERY DEMEANING TO PEOPLE FROM OTHER JOB FIELDS COMING INTO EDUCATION FIELD.
                
                   She is an adjunct and makes it very clear that she is. She will talk the entire time. She likes to hear herself speak! And she must lectures from Powerpoint that are not her own. It's boring and drags on and it is only the second week!!!!
                
                   Lectures last super long and are boring!!! And she just Talks way too much!!!! What a waste! Everyone says that this class prepares you for the rest of your education courses! Now I feel more u prepared!
                
                   Lectures last forever!!! And she just rambles and rambles!!!! What a waste! Everyone says that this class prepares you for the rest of your education courses! Now I feel more u prepared!
                
                   Not good at all. Did not learn much. And class was boring. 
                
                   Wish I would've taken a more experienced instructor. This class is foundation for rest of classes. She just didn't seem prepared all semester. 
                
                   Bad online course design. Took two weeks to post syllabus in a mini-semester class.  Lots of homework  that is an unnecessary distraction from the deeper learning that she supposedly promotes. Totally misses the point! Such a shame she can't get it together. 
                
                   I have never felt so confused and clueless in a online class before. I felt so confused and frustrated constantly. The problem is the online formatting and amount of work,  cause the material was super easy and assignments where not hard just all over the place and hard to know when due and where they were located! So lost the whole time!
                
                   Poorly designed online class, convoluted and disorganized- a mdening disarray. She's a nice lady, but she needs to find a better way to teach this course. The topic itself is very easy!  Word of advice  to Dr. Elwood: Any fool can make something complicated. It takes a genius to make it simple.- Woody Guthrie. 
                
                   I found the book used in Dr. Elwood's class was self explanatory. I understood how to design the final project and she showed enthusiasm helping me succeed. She was clear, and encouraged students to use a diverse range of tools to explore that would help us complete the final projects. She always found the time to help even on weekends.
                
                   Dr. Elwood's class requires some work. There are a lot of exercises to complete and at times they may seem time consuming, but it all builds up to the final project. She was very helpful and flexible to meet and help you with the final project. She will not hold your hand through the semester, but rather guide you. She is an outstanding teacher.
                
                   Had two semester ago. She doesn't explain assignments well at all. Says we have time in class to work but then uses it all up talking. You do a lot of work that she doesn't read anyway.
                
                   Received three different instructions on the same topic in a span of 10 days. She freely admitted that she just scans our work. She doesn't use a rubric for grading and cannot justify your grade when asked. Most of the assignments are contrived (busy work) just to get you to use the tech tools. If anyone else teaches this, it has to be better.
                
                   Professor Elwood's course had great information and was designed to meet the needs of individuals. People from various experience levels gained much individually. She organizes her learning environment well for those who will do the minimal work. Those who don't read, don't finish assignments, or expect a grade for little work complain much.
                
                   Her class is not very easy.  You have to talk to her to understand what she expects and most of the time still wont understand what she is saying.  It is a TON of work.  Be prepared.
                
                   This class is a lot work. You have to figure out how to do everything by yourself pretty much.
                
                   She was really confusing in class.  You have to talk to her to understand the work you are to do.  But she was nice.
                
                   If  you do your work and ask questions when you don't understand you can easily get an A. It is a lot of work, but you have to work for it.
                
                   Dr. Fleming is a nice lady and pretty funny. She is very intellegent and loves what she does, but she is very confusing. She thinks she is organized, but our whole class was always so confused on exactly what she wanted or when she wanted it done. However the material is easy to learn and her 2 test are open note and easy. Just keep up w/ handouts.
                
                   Professor is good a demeaning comments to students.
                
                   She was really nice, she didnt really explain assignments very well but she is good about answering any questions.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   She is a very nice teacher.  You have to read the book every week to answer the questions in each section but you learn that way.  The 2 tests were easy.  She gave us a guide for the 1st one and it was the same questions on the test.  The second test (final) was answering essay type questions. You have to do some work in this class but it's not too
                
                   This woman is fantastic.She will bring in childrens books for you to use and explore, and likes group work and interesting lectures. Not a dull moment. Assignments are relevant and interesting.
                
                   Seriously challenges you to critically examine personal pedagogy.  Those who would want to BS the class can, but those who are ready to read and really engage in scholarly discussions have a venue in his classes. His choice of texts, in-class discussions, and mentorship are what drew me to the program. TAMUCC got my $$$ becuase of him! He's great!!
                
                   He has his heart in helping us &quot;change the world&quot; in education.  He is very  helpful and flexible in class.
                
                   If you can avoid taking him, do so. His tests are nothing like the review that he gives. Do not bother studying the review that he gives you. Make sure that you read the text book
                
                   This instructor was extremly confusing. Maybe she is highly intelligent, but cannot relay the information to her students. Left more confused than when I arrived.
                
                   Dr. Leo is very knowledgeable in the area of language development. However, he assumes we are all on his level and he does not realize that students do not have background knowledge in the subject. He often avoids answering questions students have. The class is very demanding and lacks clarity.
                
                   Good Professor really enjoyed the class.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Chapter Competencies due each week, 1 observation with paper, and one final exam. She is very relaxed and passionate about teaching.
                
                   Great professor and very knowledgeable. 
                
                   He is very friendly. His lectures can get somewhat slow at times but he makes it interesting by adding activities and demonstrations. There are a few big projects but they are spaced with enough time throughout the semester. Weekly quizzes but they are very simple. Once again, very friendly and always helpful. I enjoyed taking his class!
                
                   Great professor! I had his class for a program I was in, and even though the classes were long, my attention was kept.
                
                   Dr. McCaleb was very kind and knows her stuff. You just have to read the textbook and show up to class. She grades fair and gives a good test. She just wasn't clear on a few things.
                
                   Awesome Professor!  She is a person of integrity, and very high standards.  I learned ALOT from her.  She prefers collaborative/group work.  She makes herself readily available.  Her students are important to her, but please don't waste her time or try to pull one on her, she is a professional, she can read you like a book.  She's great!
                
                   Dr. McCaleb is a wonderful Professor.  Her method of teaching is practical, with alot professionalism.  She is a person of high standards, and integrity.  She is very passionate about her work, and makes herself readily available.  She can &quot;appear&quot; to be rude, but she is not.  She is candid, very honest.  She will do everything she can to make sure
                
                   I have had for three SPED classes & I do agree she is rude- even though she is smiling the whole time. Super, super sweet...or so you'll think...watch your back. Boy, I hope this is REALLY anonymous...I'll have her in the Spring.
                
                   I was really excited about taking Dr. McCaleb's class but when I initially e-mailed her about it she was rude and surprise surprise is rude in person too. She plays favorites and if you aren't going into special ed. she'll treat you like you don't matter. She grades on a 100 pt. scale meaning there's no room for error.
                
                   Good guy, good teacher he will be missed R.I.P. Ort
                
                   Dr. Ortlieb is an AMAZING professor. He takes his job seriously, and does whatever he can to help you learn the material. He offers tutoring sessions that are sometimes one-on-one. He is very intimidating, but once you get past that part, you learn so much about Phonemic Awareness and Basel Readers. BEST READING PROFESSOR EVER!
                
                   totally knowledgeable & smart... not to mention he's not bad to look at. ;)
                
                   He has high expectations, but is so nice and smart.
                
                   She is a bad professor and talks about herself too much.
                
                   Great professor, has a lot of knowledge and history to share with the class. A little scary and in-your-face at first but it works for him but he is not mean.  Aways willing to help.
                
                   Great teacher! A lot of assignments to ensure student comprehension but worth the work. She gives extra credit opportunities to attend Student Reading Council meetingsevents. Class participation is a must and most beneficial to you if you are passionate about teaching. Tests are mostly scenario based and relatively easy.
                
                   The most disorganized teacher I have ever encountered. Class was in-person, yet she put things on WebCT, expecting that we'd just know this.  She frequently gave instructions via email, which no student ever seemed to receive.  Avoid at all costs.
                
                   The class wasn't difficult, pretty basic information. Dr. Sanders was really unorganized though. I also took her for a night class, so the energy levels were pretty down and it was kind of hard to follow her. Don't know that I would take her again.
                
                   Sanders is great! She is funny and makes a boring subject not so bad. There is 1 test, one really annoying group project, and the final. Show up to class, take notes, study powerpoints and notes for test and you should be good. 
                
                   I took her for Child Development this past summer and although there is a lot of textbook use and reading, her class was very fun and EASY! As long as you show up and do the work, it's an easy A! We had 3 tests, the final was open book and could use notes. She always curved our tests so we got higher grades and she's funny! 
                
                   One of the best classes I've ever taken!  She's fair, interesting and compassionate.
                
                   A very difficult class made much easier by the support and clarification given by Dr. Sanders.  She is helpful and "there for you" when you need it.  You are, however, required to work in her classes.  Basically, "you get out what you put in" (a.k.a. make the effort and you will succeed).
                
                   Great professor and, yes, she requires you to do work... shocking, right? Everything is outlined in the syllabus, so no panic is necessary. If you come to class and put forth some legitimate effort, you should have no problem AND you might even learn something in the process.
                
                   Go to class! She picks favorites! Some days are very interesting, others she rambles off. Strange.
                
                   Dr. Sanders is a really good teacher, if and only if you stay on her good side. She for sure picks favorites in her class and god help you if you are on her bad list. Do not under any circumstances forgot to turn a paper in to her. she will ridicule you in front of the class. STAY ON HER GOOD SIDE!
                
                   One of the best teachers I have ever had. I recomend her to anyone in the education program. She is awesome and full of life. She makes teaching so much fun!
                
                   She is a wonderful professor! She will help you in any way she can. I had her at 9:30 in the morning and I'm not a mourning person (at all!), but her lesson were always lively and interesting. Take this class and any other you can with her!
                
                   Very easy and very nice professor!
                
                   She is awesome. She's understanding fair. So much fun. Easy. Interesting...No wonder she was teacher of Texas one year.
                
                   Wonderful class. nd book, eml vcrod@swbell.net
                
                   Lots of group work. Lots of speakers. Tests easy. Fun!
                
                   Thompson likes to brag about what a good teacher he is... instead, he drones on and is horribly dull.  There are times when I wonder why we're doing such strange activities; he teaches techniques by having us do them. Not always appropriate for a college class.
                
                   Good teacher. Sweet man. He is interesting and tried hard to make it that way. Fun assignments that are very helpful for future job.
                
                   Do not take this professor. She requires way too much work on difficult assignments and requires you to finish them in a very short amount of time. I am an A student and this class was extremely difficult. Would not recommend to anyone! Stay away!
                
                   I took this class in the summer with Dr. Valadez. I would not let even my worst enemy take her course. Her tests are useless, and don't cover material from the class. She tells stories instead of teaching. She gives big projects with only a few days to do them, and never provided feedback on previous assignments. Worst professor I've ever had!
                
                   Dr. Valadez is very unorganized, rude, and does not teach the material. This should have been an online class with as much as she actually taught. Her syllabus is way too long and she doesn't follow it at all. She never gives feedback on assignments or tests. Don't take her class if you can take it with another professor.
                
                   I would not recommend taking this class with Dr. Valadez if you actually want to learn something. She is extremely unorganized, she does not follow the syllabus, and her quizzes are junk. She DOES NOT teach at all! She is very unprofessional and provides no feedback on graded work. DO NOT take this course with her, if you want to learn!!!!!
                
                   I don't recommend taking this course with Dr. Valadez. She is extremely unorganized, does not follow the syllabus, and grades very hard and never gives feedback. Her quizzes are junk and don't even cover material from the class. She does not teach and is extremely unprofessional. DO NOT take this course with her if you actually want to learn.
                
                   Very unorganized....Her syllabus is 40 pages long and full of junk. Make sure you look at the rubric, as well as what she writes, as well as any formats given for assignments because they are all different. Should have been an online class considering the amount of teaching she actually does. Very confusing class...
                
                   Very energetic and welcoming. Her lessons are helpful and fun to do! She is a great professor and I would recommend taking her in the future.
                
                   Very knowledgeable regarding content of class.  Provides lots of reading book info for future teachers.  Class is fun if you love reading children's books.  Presentations in her class are informative. One big project at end of semester - easy to do with group or solo.
                
                   Extremely difficult class.  In fact, its the hardest I have ever had...by far.  Mostly busy work. You must read books cover to cover, and the class work alone will take a good 15-20 hours per week outside of class.  I recommend getting field based with anyone else.
                
                   Very friendly, he doesn't give formal lecture, rather he engages the students by using group disussions which i enjoyed. Weekly quizzes, lots of self teach but overall an intrusting class. I really enjoyed him! Do your hw and DON'T procrastinate. You will be fine!
                
                   Lots of work, but that is to be expected for this class.  He gives lots of feedback and is very helpful.
                
                   Dr. Ward is an excellent proffesor, he helps his students, he is a role model.
                
                   Hated writing all the journals because it was a complete waste of time and effort. She has favorites. Difficult final. Not much fun.
                
                   She has favorites. She is boring. You have to write 3 page essays everyday for homework. We never used the book, don't buy it.
                
                   I loved every minute of this class. He gets you excited about teaching.
                
                   Dr. Young is amazing and so fun! His dedication to student learning is phenomenal! His energy level is the best I've seen from any professor at TAMUCC. He gives you tons of tools to use in your future classroom and lots of advice for when you are a teacher. Absolutely love this professor! Wish I had more classes to take with him!
                
                   Best reading professor at TAMUCC. Hilarious and helpful and his class is never boring. Used to teach 2nd grade and shows examples he used with his students that make me want to teach. Attendance isn't mandatory but you have to write reflections on the lectures so I'd go to class. One text set project,  two journal articles, reflections, demo lesson
                
                   Very good teacher, lets you know how it really is when your in a classroom.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Great Professor not hard all you  have to do is come to class very day and study a little bit for the test. Plus tests are easy true and false.
                
                   
                
                   Dr. Linida Challoo has been very helpful in my studies and with my success rate.  She also cares about her students academically.  Her professionalism is very inspiring to me and to other students in the IT field of education.  She is an asset to the community and to the college.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Dr. Ermis is very strict and demanding. She expects everything done the way she wants and must be turned in on time!!
                
                   Professor has a vested interest in all her students. She also is a great motivator and excellent professor in her field.  This course and professor are assets to Texas A&M Kingsville and the College of Education.
                
                   We are almost finished with the class this fall and I am going crazy. There is so much I have learned. I was nervous about being in a doc program and taking research is hard but I got it. Dr. K takes time to really teach and I am ready for the next class. I know I can do it now.
                
                   She takes the time to get to know her students and really teaches. She was also the coordinator of the program and is going to be missed. the new person doesn't even return emails. 
                
                   Classes with Dr. K are the best! She really loves what she does and she shares that with us. Doctoral programs are intense and she has a high bar but she is with us every step of the way!
                
                   Dr. K runs challenging classes but she is the best professor in the whole program. I learn more from her than others who I don't even think read our work or really care about us as individuals. Dr. K says she is a team with Dr. Mundy and it is true. Those two professors are the best. I know I will make it through the dissertation thanks to them.
                
                   Graded as a pass with comments on a separate sheet of paper.  Refused to share the grading rubric or return my paper.  One question was not as taught in our text.
                
                   Very easy class, lots of class participation.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   She is such an awesome teacher! She is very engaging and excited about the topics she teaches. I hope to be as good of teacher as Dr. Bingham one day. 
                
                   Dr. Bingham is great !  She shares her experiences as a teacher and you  would want to be in her class. She is great explaining and will make sure that you know the material very well.
                
                   Wonderful teacher with wonderful ideas! One of the best WTAMU has to offer, promise.
                
                   Dr. Bingham is awesome and definitely practices what she teaches. Do not take anyone besides her!!
                
                   Dr. Diego-Medrano is a wonderful lady, and her class was interesting. However, the grading criteria was very vague, and it was hard to understand what format she wanted on assignments. She gave most of the quizzes and tests online, which was helpful and saved my grade. Expect to work for an A.
                
                   Grading was tough sometimes but I really enjoyed the class! She knows her stuff!
                
                   LOVED this teacher. Very kind and loving and she knew her material more than any other professor I've ever had. Best teacher ever!!!!!
                
                   Her class was very fun and absorbing. She made me excited and happy about my choice to become a teacher. She uses a reading service to grade your papers, so make sure your citations are correct and get ready to have your grammar scrutinized.
                
                   This is one of the most enjoyable classes I've had so far. She is great. This class got me interested in reading again.
                
                   Very passionate, sweet and forgiving. She loves her job, and she is very knowledgable. She may not challenge you intellectually, but she will cheer you up and help you earn an easy A.
                
                   Great teacher and better person. She genuinely cares about her students.
                
                   Awesome course mentor!
                
                   Excellent professor in person. I've had online classes with her. Not as engaging but just as interesting. A very good professor. Teaches lots of meaningful information.
                
                   Waste of time. Made me hate online courses.
                
                   Great teacher...assignments were not pointless. Very good.
                
                   She does a lot of pointless projects in this class. I ended up getting a 'D' because of the projects. My other grades were fine, but because she hated my projects (and would give no reasons on how to improve) I have to retake the class.
                
                   Dr. Fortenberry is WONDERFUL! Her class is tough, but if you attend class and pay attention you will do fine! She really makes things interesting and you really leave the class KNOWING the material. I feel much more prepared for my TExES exam now.
                
                   When I first had Dr. Abreo I was disappointed, but after this Spring Semester I think she was more organized and expected more from the students.
                
                   You will learn nothing from her class, you end up learning more about her life and actually having to teach yourself.
                
                   Dr. Abreo is awesome!!!  Her classes consists of mainly class activities which is great. This gives students ideas to learn in the classroom, and also what you learn sticks with you, its much harder to forget.  If you have a chance take her!!!
                
                   No Comments
                
                   GREAT Professor! Do your work (turn it in on time) and you will do fine in this class. Loved her enthusiasm.
                
                   Very helpful professor.
                
                   Great examples that we can use as teachers.
                
                   Dr. Harris is one of the best professors at A&M. She makes class fun & interesting. Part of class was opening a Twitter account to do 10 discussions. The other part was a 3 part memoir unit:Bio,Family Crest & song(or Poem. She always had fun stories to tell & gives great ideas for writing prompts.Fun in-class group activities too!Loved this class!
                
                   Awesome professor! Loved her class. Reason being, because she relates everything she discusses to her own experiences in teaching.
                
                   Dr. Harris's class was fun and engaging. She gave lots of opportunities for discussion and activities. I learned a lot in her class.
                
                   Super easy going.  Truly gears her classes for you to earn your grade through participation and input.  Very important when you're seeking different perspectives and approaches in teaching.  Thanks Dr. Harris!!!
                
                   Dr. Harris is the easiest of the reading professors. She is fun al the time and we dont have to do really hard thinking or work. She is hard to get a hold of and doesnt hold class regularly. I think she cancelled class like 4 or 5 times, in addition to those on the syllabus.
                
                   Dr. Harris is amazing! very insightful. Don't need the book, but attendance is mandatory because each class is important. Very easy going class.
                
                   She is very funny. She keeps the class intresting with her stories and her personality. There is serveral projects, but as long as you dont wait until the end to do them they are easy.
                
                   Funny! Keeps class very interesting. You learn a lot. End of class projects are very important.
                
                   I took her summer class she was laid back the whole semester and during finals week she finally give us the syllabus which doubled in work. I learned a lot, but she lacks organization and clarity. I would take her again because she is so knowledgeable in this subject.
                
                   NIGHTMARE, waste of time. Hated going to this, was interested in this topic before taking her. Horrible assignments, doesnt teach anything, huge disappointment
                
                   Ms Ball is awesome. She always has us work in groups and we get to know everyone in class!!! Her assignments are fun because we can take them in our future classrooms.She gives us studyguides for the tests. You will love her class guaranteed!
                
                   Great instructor. Lots of information given. Expect to stay the whole class. She gives extras credit. There are lots of presentations and projects. However, she is very kind and as long as you do the work you will pass. 
                
                   Her class is always student controlled - discussion are done by students and for students. Learning is always fun in her class. 
                
                   Took her for a night class and she kept us the whole time and sometimes after. She knows her material and is very sweet. She is dry and a bit boring at times. The class was easy we had to do volunteer hours. She explained the same thing many times. One big project and small assignments. Three test fairly easy if you study. I would take her again.
                
                   Mrs. Barker is an extremely nice and helpful person! She works with you and if you do not understand she will re-explain it to you. Work hard and your grade will reflect your hard work.
                
                   Dr Barker is a very sweet lady. She cares for all the students and is very understanding of our situations. I loved her class, she is by far the sweetest lady I've met.
                
                   Dr. Barker was very helpful,considerate and was there whenever her students needed her assistance.
                
                   sweet natured and willing to assist in anything. Understands that tests are tools for teaching and not meant to stress students. We could use notes for tests. Would take her again.
                
                   Michelle is awesome! She is super funny&connects everything we go through to the real world. She is a 3 year old teacher during the day, so a lot of times we get out early. The tests are SUPER easy and so are the assignments. She wants everyone to do well&will help EVERYONE. If you pay attention, you learn a lot from her. Not many assignments. 
                
                   I loved having Michelle for a professor. She has so much real life experiences to talk about and you really do learn a lot. For the assignments as long as you follow the rubrics you are good to go! If you don't get an A in her class it really is because you did NOTHING! She gives extra credit! She even gave out EC because we would just show up! 
                
                   This teacher was absolutely amazing. She talks and loves to talk. If you really listen to her stories you will see that they do pertain to class. She wants you to learn from experience and others mistakes. We went over the book as a power point. We had three test, fairly easy. She is extremely friendly. I am taking two of her courses this fall!
                
                   Like the professor, but the tests were kind of hard. She does not make her own tests, so has no clue as to what is on them.The assignments are pretty easy but didn't like the fact that I didn't learn much.Not sure if I would take her again.She is helpful and gives you every opportunity to pass.The only way you fail, is if YOU DO NOT do the work.
                
                   DO NOT TAKE THIS TEACHER! She has no idea what she is talking about. She does not give info about the assignments and she doesn't even know when they are due. She sits down the whole class and talks. She is one of the worst "teachers" I have ever had. You have been warned.
                
                   She is so nice, she is even willing to work with the students who are lazy and don't pay attention. she has a passion for the field and is an amazing professor.
                
                   She is one passionate Educator who is very engaging and has a great sense of humor. As long as you follow the rubric for each assignment your fine. Don't miss a class, she has too much information to give!
                
                   She has an amazing ability to make things connect to the real world. She has  a wealth of resources about special education because she teaches spec ed. She is flexible and can really hold your attention through a long class. I would take her again!
                
                   I would not recommend this instructor.Ms.Trejo does not know how to use blackboard for posting your grades, so the result of that is you don't know where you stand in the class.She doesn't explain assignments, and doesn't give you letter grades in person during the whole semester.The syllabus is long & she doesn't clarify it. Don't take her!
                
                   Her first year at the university, I believe, and she is AMAZING! Her lectures are never boring and are very interesting! A class you will love! All you turn in is a notebook, a midterm, and a final. The work is a breeze! Great Professor and Easy A! 
                
                   BEST TEACHER EVER!!!  You will learn everything you need to know about teaching students how to read!  I took Mrs. Dorycott for all three reading courses at A&M!  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!  She is always willing to help and extremely funny!
                
                   AWESOME PROFESSOR!!!TAKE ANY CLASSES SHE TEACHES!
                
                   She is the BEST Teacher ever... Her class consisted of plenty activities, she'll have you laughing the whole class time. Everything she teaches you stays with you.
                
                   Best professor at A&M! When you go to her class you know you will learn something new everyday! She is interesting and makes it clear on what she expects from you! I promise you won't regret taking her class :)
                
                   She is by far the best professor at TAMUSA!  I learned so much in only 4 weeks of a summer class.  Definitely take her class if you get the chance. 
                
                   TAKE THIS PROFESSOR! you won't regret it. She makes class worth wild. There is never a dull moment in class. You will learn real-life world experiences in her class. 
                
                   Dr. Dorel is awesome!!!! She cares about her students and makes sure that the student feels that they are learning.  She inspired me to persue a masters in special education, she believed in me when I couldn't see it in myself.  Take her classes and I promise you won't be sorry!
                
                   Dr. Dorel is an awesome professor. She is very clear about what she wants in the class. She is also very humorous and easy to approach. I really did enjoy her class. Just make sure to communicate with her if you have any troubles. She really cares about her students.
                
                   She is very passionate about Special Education; advocating for the child at every angle. She does let you know what to study for about exams and final. She loves what she teaches and you can see it. Very helpful!
                
                   I love her chill attitude. She has good class discussions.  The only thing i dont like is the usb drive assignment when  we have to show  her articles we like, it was easy but pointless.
                
                   This is one amazing lady! She is a riot! Very down to earth. She is an advocate for her students. You will learn so much about teaching reading in a laid back atmosphere. If you don't take Dorrycott, you are missing out.
                
                   Born to teach
                
                   Very enthusiastic and passionate about reading. Finds ways to make the curriculum fun and relevant.
                
                   Mrs. Garza Is an excellent professor. I would take another class with her. She knows her stuff and is willing to help you if you have problems with an assignment.
                
                   If you can get past the disorganization and always getting off subject, and her tantrums when people ask for clarification or ask a questions she is an easy grade. Her lectures do fill your brain with knowledge but she is the most disorganized teacher ever. 
                
                   Ms. G is great! I loved having her as a tchr.  She works off the syllabus & lets you know if she needs to get off track before hand.  Don't panic if you think you are getting overwhelmed bc as long as you ask questions, she will help you. She loves her students & is there to help them with anything she can. I am going to miss her. GOOD LUCK!!!
                
                   Dr. Geneser is AWESOME! While she does tend to wonder from the syllabus, and is a little all over the map, she KNOWS her stuff. If you ask for help, she will help you. Attendance is mandatory, and cell phone or computer use in not allowed unless you are using your online book. Do your work and you will be fine.
                
                   Enjoyed coming to class everyday and learned A LOT of important information. May not always follow syllabus to the point but that's OK because she will always clarify at some point so don't panic. She is passionate about the subject and loves to share!
                
                   I have had her for three courses, and she is still the best professor I have ever had!
                
                   I agree that Dr. Geneser is very nice and helpful. However, she does not really follow her syllabus and her expectations and instructions are not clear. She can also be a tad rude at times with little things that tick her off, pretty easy class though
                
                   Super nice, you can tell that she wants all of her students to succeed. However, she is all over the place, very disorganized, and confusing to listen to.......
                
                   She is a wonderful professor.. I would get any class she teaches.  She is very knowledgeable and is fun.  Trust me you will not regret taking any of her classes.
                
                   Dr. Geneser is Awesome!! She is very knowledgeable in early child development. She goes above and beyond to help her students and support them in their educational growth. She knows what she is talking about and has high expectations because she wants you to succeed. I have taken her for many classes and gained an abundance of knowledge!
                
                   Dr. geneser gives you a review before finals and midterms also lets you use your index cards.Dr. Geneser will teach you that Within each stage, a 'theory' document will describe how development typically proceeds through the major developmental channels, including physical, mental, emotional and social and much more. jaybear
                
                   I took this class because I knew it was an easy A. But it was very frustrating, she does not follow her schedule and she is very unorganized. Do not show up late to her class, or talk when she is speaking it really ticks her off.
                
                   Took Dr. Garcia for Classroom Management EDED 3358. He taught students important skills in becoming assertive teachers and applied teaching methods by making us present in front of the classroom. Attendance is a big part of your grade. He is very accommodating and you can tell he cares about his students. The final exam is comprehensive
                
                   He is a great teacher, very thorough and willing to take extra time to help.  I took math1350 and 1351 the semester before, so it was a breeze.  No book used, he hands out homework in hard copy, 5 probs tops per lesson.  He is kind and caring an want everyone to succeed.  Class moves quickly, I wouldn't miss unless emergency since a lot is covered
                
                   Dr.Garcia is great about keeping up with grades.He goes fast but you learn how to teach math to students. He gives homework every week and two tests. Dr. Garcia is willing to work with you if you need extra help.His goal is to make sure you have the tools you need to be a sucessful math teacher.
                
                   not clear! so messy! did not stay on the syllabus
                
                   She was a very nice teacher. If you read and did your work easy A. Downside she does not keep up with grades and ppts are confusing.
                
                   She did not dedicated enough time to teaching the subject each ppt she presented was by someone else, the tests were random and it felt like she did not an take adequate amount of time to become familiar with blackboard because grades or discussions were not posted. As a person she is wonderful and warm but I would not take her again.
                
                   She's very helpful and is there for you when you need her, but her class was boring to me. It was hard for me to stay focused in her class. We only had to take 3 tests and do a lesson plan as a group in her class and that was it
                
                   Professor Garza is a really nice lady. The only problem I had with the class was that she gives you the details for projects a week before you have to present. We never took a test in this class except for the final, there are a few quizzes. Also beware that this class does require you to do 10 tutoring sessions at an elementary school. 
                
                   Most unorganized teacher I've ever had. Online course -Syllabus not up until a week after class. Syllabus very unclear. Group project was not explained until one week before due date.  Very little recourse from her unless we had a major issue. VERY hard to get a response. NO grading of assign. except midterm which took forever to be posted.
                
                   I took her for Survey of Bilingual Education my first semester (Fall '12).  She seemed organized.  I took her Summer 2 this year, and she , like almost every other teacher I've taken in the Summer sessions cram information for a 5 month course into 5 or 8 weeks.  She lets you work in groups.
                
                   I took this class during the summer, and it was extremely confusing. There were so many projects that were not clearly clarified, and each very tedious. The professor is super nice, and is very understanding; just extremely disorganized.
                
                   Dr. Garza is very knowledgeable about the material she is teaching.  She is very nice and works with her students in any way she can.  Unfortunately, the class was extremely boring and I got frustrated by how long it took to move through the material. She tended to dwell on subjects longer than necessary.
                
                   Too much work, with minimal insight or learning. She is so sweet but I could not pay attention I was so bored every day. Be ready to teach yourself and turn in a bunch of tedious assignments.
                
                   She is a great teacher, really knows her stuff.  She gives a lot of work, but is very flexible as to the deadlines.  She even allows you to make corrections for a higher grade! She does take up all the class time and talks a lot! Other than that she is great.  Highly recommended!!
                
                   Highly Recommend!
                
                   Took her class online and it was tough. Lots of message board work and her 40 book bibliography is dumb....start it early, oh, and learn APA if you dont know it. She grades real tough on that!
                
                   Dr. Ferguson is easy. She does bend over backwards to give you an A. I dont think she likes not giving As and most people get them, whether they deserve them or not. She makes you think she is tough, but the work is really easy. She treats her students like babies, and we all need that sometimes!
                
                   This professor will bend over backwards to help you. She is a very awesome professor. She does require a lot of work from you, but it's a university. Took her for all of my reading classes and she is very wonderful. She is very clear about what she wants and explains it all very well.
                
                   She is a excellent teacher. You will have fun in her class and learn alot.
                
                   Dr. Ferguson is a great instructor! She has a lot of knowledge and is a fun person to be around with. She grades essays hard, but it's expected, of course. I learned A LOT in her class and enjoyed it all the way!!! Be ready for a literacy metaphor- this is your final, and best thing, you have all semester to do it...we had lots of fun!
                
                   I wouldn't take this class if it wasn't needed for my degree. Haskin wasn't a bad professor, but she didn't seem to care too much about the subject and if she was real lying getting her point across. go to class, and read your book. 
                
                   She is no-nonsense.  She follows her syllabus.  Doesn't do test reviews but does give a review sheet.  Doesn't waste time.  She was organized and clear on assignments.  She had expectations and due dates.  Group activities were good.  You have to approach her with questions-- reallyno big deal.  There's really no reason not to do well in the class.
                
                   This class was fun and easy. I would have rated it a 5, but the reason why I didn't receive an A is because I didn't score high enough on the final. Follow her syllabus and you will pass. I am not really sure how anyone can fail, only if they don't do their work.
                
                   I thought this class was a piece of cake. All these students complaining about her class clearly did not want to do the work and were lazy. Her syllabus is on point.Only had two tests, which are the midterm and final.You MUST do the reading in order to pass the tests.Take notes!!Overall thought this was a great class.I feel I learned a lot.
                
                   I thought the class was easy. I got an A. I turned everything in on time and followed rubric. I will say she isn't clear on tests, gives review sheet & that's it. Literature Circles were fun & very very easy!  Overall I was ok with class.
                
                   Dr. Haskin was the worst professor at A&M that I took a class with. She never replies to her email, has horrible grammar, and doesn't grade fairly. She says that attendance throughout the whole semester is required, but in the end she only grades for the Literature Circle attendance. I wouldn't take her again nor recommend her to anyone.
                
                   First off she was always running late, yet she mentioned at one point she would take off points on a group assignment if we were late at any time.  She is not approachable and does not acknowledge her students, and many times I noticed she would give dirty looks....I ignored it the first few times, but realized she did it quite often.
                
                   She is an unfair grader when projects and did follow her own rubric when grading. She was often late to class. She miss-pronounces words and gives mixed information from the book. Her tests were hard and some things on the test she never taught us. I do not recommend taking her for a class.
                
                   Worst teacher I have ever had to deal with. Does not grade her students equally. She is always late to class and doesn't know how to teach effectively. Takes weeks to respond to emails, or doesn't respond at all. She is useless as a teacher and rude. I learned nothing from this class. Doesn't even follow her own rubrics for projects when grading.
                
                   The tests were hard and didnt reflect things she had actually taught us. Mispronounced and spelled words wrong often as a reading professor. Does not post grades when they should be so you dont know what grade you have till the end of class. I feel like I learned nothing from her class and regret being made to take it.
                
                   I went into this class terrified based on these prior reviews. I was pleasantly surprised. Ms. Haskin is a doll, she explained anything that needed clarification, assignments were graded fairly, and the information was clear and concise. The projects seemed daunting at first but ended up being rather enjoyable. I look forward to having her again.
                
                   Lots of information, but activities are fun.
                
                   very unorganized, bounced around from topic to topic to much. Required to tutor for SA reads which was an absolute drag as working with the guy who sets it up was difficult. Class is really boring and didnt learn much of anything.Horrible at grading assignements in a reasonable amount of time.
                
                   She does not know what she is doing. Easy A but I would prefer to have more learning and less stress. Reading teacher who says "your test is ON tomorrow"??
                
                   She is unorganized, does not grade until the end of the semester and will not explain assignments. It should of been an online class! We meet just to fill out a reading response journal on two books we read as a class  that is worth a total of 15 points and then she hands out papers so we can group and teach ourselves.
                
                   I enjoyed Ms. Haskins class, her syllabus was clear and on track for the most part.  If she made any changes she did so for the students benefit.  Her assignments were fun and her tests weren't too hard.  If you do the work you will make an "A"
                
                   She's was a first year teacher and didn't know what she was teaching.  She's kinda crazy & disorganized.
                
                   Awesome professor. Really helped me during my family crisis. Very hard, but if you put in the work, it's worth it. One of my favorite classes at the university. 
                
                   Professor Harris is an excellent teacher.  He expects a lot from his students, so people who don't want to work don't like him.  He gives lots of projects and essay exams, but the amount you learn is worth it.  I would recommend him to anyone that wants to get more out of their college classes.
                
                   Coach Harris is a nice guy but I didn't end up learning anything in this course. The majority of the semester was taken up by student presentations, so there was a total of two lessons and zero discussions about the book. Oh and he was lenient with due dates. Take this course for an easy A, but if you want to learn the material, take someone else.
                
                   This Guy!!! One word: Arrogant. To good to show up on time, explain himself, or answer questions. You will  eventually figure it out, but not from him. The lessons are presented well, but everything else is not.
                
                   The most confusing teacher you will ever get. Trying to get your assignments clarified is like pulling teeth with him.
                
                   he is a nice guy, but I can't remember one thing I learned
                
                   Professor Harris is an engaging teacher.  He explains the content well, there are lively class discussions, & he give you plenty of time for group projects.  You have to be sure to study for his tests, but he reviews you well.  Great class!
                
                   HE is a great teacher, is willing to help and his open class discussions help me learn the content
                
                   Professor Harris is a great teacher.  He makes his lessons relative to the subject matter and helps you understand real classroom applications.  I enjoy his class very much.
                
                   Really awesome class! Strong in discussion. One of my favorite professors at the university.
                
                   He made class very easy. All you need to do is show up, participate and do the test review and you will pass for sure.
                
                   Prof Harris made class fun. Was a little nervous after first day.  But it turned out to be one of my favorite classes.
                
                   I didn't like his class at first, but I was impressed. Lots of discussion and group work. Better than most. You got to get to know him. Really cool prof.
                
                   His teaching is confusing&#63;&#63; You don't know what he wants until he criticizes the fist group. Good Luck first group.
                
                   Nice guy, but I have learned absolutely nothing.  He talks about the same stuff that isn't class related...i.e. his own experiences.  This won't help with the TeXes Exam.
                
                   This was a horrible class, we never discussed anything relative to the book or much content it seemed. We talked about the samethings every class. I got nothing out of it. He has quizes that require reading the book, but he doesn't put much emphasis on them. He doesn't follow the syllabus at all. I wouldn't take another course with him EVER!
                
                   veri nice instructor, knowledgable, professional, and class is discussion based, there are a few quizzes and in class assignments not too much homework mainly readings. I would take another class with him if offered.
                
                   A nice guy, but very scatterbrained. Discussions centered on commonalities multilingual students face rather than textbook material. I don?t discourage taking his course because he is very well spoken and knowledgeable about what he?s teaching, but I wish we would?ve actually kept up with the syllabus and discussed text content more.
                
                   Dr. Kapavik is an awesome teacher!! She loves Social Studies!! I was not a big fan of Social Studies, but now I'm excitied to teach Social Studies!!!
                
                   Dr. Kapavik is very passionate about Social Studies which makes the class more interesting and the time goes by fast.  I learned a lot in this class.
                
                   EDRG 3344- Dr. Kapavik is an awesome teacher. Her class is fun and we all learned a lot from her. I will take her again for social studies.
                
                   Awesome! She loves what she does! Very passoniate about Social Studies.
                
                   Very confusing with instructions. Not familiar with art and extremely complicated with music. She has favortism in her class . I would not recommend this professor because she sets you up to fail. Worst money I ever spent on a class.
                
                   Dr. Jozwiak is an amazing teacher.  She has a wealth of knowledge from her time in the classroom & makes practical application understandable.  Her assignments are fair and her lectures are enjoyable, as well as informative.  She is always willing to help her students. I highly recommend her!
                
                   Dr. Jozwiak is very helpful, clear on assignments, and wiling to work with you. There were quizzes on blackboard and in class. Three papers on early and middle childhood and adolescence. She reviews for final in class which helps a lot! You learn a great deal in her class. She is awesome!!!!
                
                   very good professor, easy to understand, class work was helpful in understanding the readings of the chapters.  She was very helpful if you did not understand something
                
                   Dr. J is an outstanding teacher. Fall 2012 was her 1st semester at A&M & she often asked how things were done & is this ok & if we understood clearly. ANYONE who did bad in her class, I assure you NEVER came to class. She gives alot of in-class group work & projects but it is so easy. Do your work & you WILL get an A.  She even lets you re-do work.
                
                   Great professor...This is a University(not Elementary) Students should be well aware, responsibility plays a big part in their grade. Bottom line...attend class, do your work, and study...  you will pass her class. Dr. J is very clear and thorogh with her expectations as a professor. What you put into it, is what you get out of it its up to you.
                
                   Good: nice, willing to help               Bad:attendence is MANDATORY. tardiness is not acceptable, it counts as an absense and 3+ then you lose a whole grade deduction A will be a B at end.Alot of things are done online tests, quiz, etc.she is not clear on assignments, hard to prepare for. she grades tough, every point counts.
                
                   I really enjoyed this course. Jurica makes all of his lectures interesting, funny, and relatable. He gives a review on what to expect on tests. I would definitely take another course with him.
                
                   Dr. Jurica was an amazing professor! He only lectures, no powerpoints or notes are provided. So, taking notes and attending class is a MUST! His lectures are interesting and he ties in videos along with it. He is very laid back, easy going, and always offers to help if you need it. I would definitely take him again. 
                
                   Prof. Jurica is one of the best professors I have the pleasure of having. The notes, video feeds, and everything else regarding your success in this course he provided. He gives a very clear expectations and grades fairly well. He also inspired me to be more aware, and achieve better understanding of the technology that we use these days. T.Y. Sir.
                
                   He's one of the best I've had at A&M so far. He's a great, down-to-earth,& very understanding teacher. I took him first for Principles of Learning, pregnant belly & all & he was very understanding when I had to miss class due to a dr.'s appointment. Just give him the courtesy of the class before. I took him again for Methods of Ed. Media & Tech. this past Spring & he was great still. Take him if he teaches any of the classes on your degree plan. You won't regret it!!
                
                   This class was great! Professor Jurica is awesome! He is very easy and is clear on what he wants. He is very helpful as well. The work is easy and the quizzes are even easier. The reading is interesting and not boring at all. I really enjoyed his class. Would definitely take his class again if I could. I recommend you take him if you could.
                
                   Great class, had great discussions and watched Big Bang Theory! 4 test and then the final. He will post a review the weekend before each test. MUST take NOTES. Lots of the test questions come from notes. Take him. He will work with you, response to emails a day late but overall a great professor. Participate and attend its a grade
                
                   Material presented was informative. Tests were easy. He went MIA for 3 weeks, posted last 3 assignments 2 weeks before finals! Didn't respond to emails often, and made a HUGE mistake when grading my final and didn't apologize for his mistake after I CORRECTED HIM ON IT!
                
                   It was a joy to have him as a professor!
                
                   AMAZING TEACHER
                
                   He has been one of the greatest University Instructors I have eveer had. His sense of humor is a plus! Highly recommended!
                
                   He?s a great instructor. The lectures were always interesting and contained a lot of test material. The tests given are fairly easy if you study and pay attention during class. There are two major projects due at the end of the semester, a concept map and mock facebook page, work hard on these and passing the class is a guarantee.
                
                   Excellent professor that is interested in the students learning. Lectures for a good portion but always includes material required for tests. Leaves a lot of room for discussion which helps to learn to apply the material taught in class.
                
                   great instructor and i highly recommend.
                
                   Fair and precise about his expectation of class and performance.  He is not out to trick you only help you achieve your goals.
                
                   I have her for the fall 2006 for this class, so i will let you know. I had her a couple semesters ago for EDRG 3344, and she was great. very interesting never boring.Would take her again and going to fall.
                
                   Great teacher, really learned alot from her, ethics was fantastic
                
                   She was all over the place and very disorganize. I don't even know my grade in the class and it ends in three weeks.
                
                   A lot of useful information is covered in this class. Tests were simple and based off chapters in the book that were discussed in class. The professor did show a few videos in class but they were always relevant to what we were learning, and always interesting!
                
                   I found this teacher to be very lazy, due to the fact that my class consisted of YouTube videos. There was no explanation, activities, etc. Don't take her class if you are wanting to learn something, because you won't.
                
                   Very professional and organized. Very passionate about education. She expects excellence and she should because that is what she brings to the table. She does change the syllabus often, but never without advanced notice and normally it's in the students favor. If you don't do well in her class then you should really consider another profession.
                
                   For this semester quizzes -online, tests in class, individual teach presentation, group lesson presentation,and a literacy center. With this class SAREADS was also combined. Over all, she explains things clearly. Is always reading to help.
                
                   This was my favorite class. You have a fair number of projects in this class but other then that there isn't any homework. You have to pay attention in class because a lot of what you do will be on the test. Rather then just lecturing all the time, she has the class do activities that are very helpful in helping you understand the material.
                
                   Good class, lots of info to take in but overall she did a great job in explaining lesson. She would respond quickly if you had a question thur email.  Test were a little difficult but if you study and read the chapter you will do fine. Good class overall
                
                   Very hard class with LOTS of projects to do,she takes for granted that all students know how to write a lesson plan. She misses alot of class and changes the syllabus regularly. Wouldnt take her again.
                
                   I took her over the summer and it was definitely a lot of work.  She didn't take any assignments away from her regular course so it was constant work for the summer.  She was very helpful and grades really easy, though.  I would reccomend taking during a regular semester, I would take her again.
                
                   This was one of my favorite classes! She made class fun! Her quizzes were fairly easy. She gives you a study guide and as long as you pay attention in class and read the text you will do just fine.
                
                   honestly, one of the least helpful professors I've ever had. when asked to clarify instructions, she will talk down to you like you're a 7 year old and never really answers the question. show up to class, read the notes, do the busy work and you'll pass. 
                
                   If you're ready to put in some effort, then you'll do fine. Expect some homework, not unreasonable. Expect rules to be followed. She is more than willing to answer questions but you may have to make an appointment.  She is fair but not a pushover. She knows her stuff and is teaching future teachers. If you're not ready to step up, don't bother.  
                
                   I would AVOID taking this class! She is so unorganized and sometimes doesn't even know what she is talking about. She confuses herself and the class combined. Her reviews are nothing like the tests so make sure you read every chapter in the book! Her attendance is MANDATORY so don't miss or you'll have several points taken off on your grade. AVOID!
                
                   Would never take her again! She is a good person but not so great of a teacher. Lectures are boring, labs are boring, and her tests don't have any relations to the study guides she gives out!
                
                   Yes, Dr. Phillips does have an assignment load but it's nothing a disciplined college student can not handle. She's very knowledgeable and has a strong personality, I think that's what throws people off. But, if you ask her for help, she will do so. Tough tests, I made nothing higher then high 70s on all 3 but I worked hard and I ended up wa B.
                
                   Horrible! Talks in circles- ask one thing & get answer then later ask to clarify and the answer is different. Very frustrating! Very unorganized and scattered - What is reviewed for test is NOT on the tests, study everything! Extra credit no help-I like the content, because a new book was used she was unprepared. She has too many other obligations 
                
                   If you take this class keep in mind attendance is required. You will be docked for leaving early and coming in late. She is hard this class is not easy. You can make a good grade but you will need to work for it. There was not a moment in this class when the work load was light. If you are not disciplined do not take this professor.
                
                   Although Dr. Phillips has a tendency to talk down to you (as if you were a child) you WILL learn a great deal in her class. If you are looking for an easy 'A', you're not going to get it: expect a lot of homework, group projects and studying your behind off on tests. She is great, but does not tolerate any excuses or nonsense. Good luck!
                
                   Dr. Phillips requires a lot of work.  She has strict standards and does not take excuses.  She is a stickler when it comes to common sense and respect such as no texting and when she's talking you pay attention.  I expect a high B or an A in her class.  She offers a chance to do Extra credit.  Do it! 2 points is the difference between an A and a B!
                
                   Expect to work your butt off! Dr. Phillips is a no-non-sense professor, so excuses won't fly. If you can overlook her talking to you like a kid, and focus on her brilliant knowledge of the course, AND do your assignments SPECIFICALLY as she asks, you will do fine. This was a challenging course, but I learned so much from her & would take her again.
                
                   She is a serious teacher, but passionte about science.  If you are a good student, you will be fine.  If you are not, you will not do well.  She's a bit akward socially, but nice in general.  Don't text or get on your laptop or Ipad during class.  She hates that.  It's a lot of work, but I learned more in this class than any other.
                
                   Dr. Phillps is a wonderful professor. Yes she expects alot from her students but if you need her help she will meet with you after class and help you. She is very pationate about what she does and those are the kind of professors that we need. We need professors that are pationate about what they teach and who will go above and beyond to help.
                
                   Do your work.  Complaining will get you no where.  Required feasible effort from her students.
                
                   Required a lot of work, but if you keep up with the assignments, you will do great. Do not take this class if you are looking for an easy A.
                
                   I had Dr. Phillips and found her to be a serious professor.  So if you are looking for easy A's with little work and texting while in class, don't take her.  I expect college courses to have a certain level of difficulty as well as students who are not acting like they are still in high school.  Show her respect and she will to the same.
                
                   You will have a blackboard dicussion every week. She is not always clear on what she wants. She reads directly from the powerpoints. She gives study guides for the test.
                
                   DROP THE CLASS NOW! Don't expect to learn anything, get anything out of this class, or have fun...because you won't. She loves homework, reading powerpoints, and treating you like you are 5 years old. Someone in class got pulled into the hallway to talk to her during class because they were texting on their phone. She is not a good professor.
                
                   Tests are formatted like &quot;the teacher exam&quot;. don't waste time doing the review - questions on test won't come from it. gives alot of homework. blackboard discussions every week. reads directly from powerpoint.
                
                   I had her in the evening. She was really rude to our class. Made you write down what time you left, if you left early. Has no people skills. Homeworkd and lots every week, I would not take her again.
                
                   Treats u like u are in high school.Test come from a test bank and not the review.Gives homework everyday.Makes u pay 40$ extra to watch 3min videos that arnt helpful.Very rude!She will count u absent if u are doing anything else but listening to her useless lectures(reads directly from the powerpoint.)There is nothing good about her or the class!
                
                   Dr. Peterson is beyond my favorite teacher! She teaches special education classes which are by far very interesting. She is so kind and helpful, she will go out of her way to help you anyway she can. Love her!
                
                   Very nice, lots of information.  She is flexible and very understanding.  Would take her again.
                
                   She was very helpful and understanding. She has many years of experience to share as well as helping students with TeXes remedials.
                
                   Doesn't give homework, but expect a lot of group projects and presentations. Participation matters. She's not very clear on instructions and takes a while to grade assignments and answer emails. Tests are kinda tough. She does offer a lot of extra credit oppurtunities though.
                
                   Dr. Stepp was the best professor I had my first semester at TAMUSA. She is very approachable and if you do not understand something she will explain it Explicitly and Systematically. You will have to work for your grade but its college, what do you expect. She tells you what is on the tests to prepare you so as long as you listen you'll do great. 
                
                   I really enjoy this class. There are a lot of groupindividual presentations. She does make you work for the grade.  
                
                   Don't take her! Very unorganized. Tests are based on Individual and group presentations, so the class is basically teaching the course. She reads off of her PP.   No H.W. but the tests are tricky. You will have to answer it exactly how she wants it (word for word) or the whole thing is counted wrong. Gives plenty of extra credit opportunities.
                
                   Worse professor I have ever taken. Very inconsiderate and disorganized. Whenever we asked for advice she always found a way to avoid the questions and when she did provide advice it was useless and unhelpful. I would not recommend you take her. 
                
                   Dr. Sorrell is a great professor, his test are tough but that's why one should pay attention. He does offer help his office is usually always open and he will help you the best that he can. I would recommend him. 
                
                   You must seek help when you don't understand something. Don't wait till the end of semester. There will be a point where he is still unclear about what he wants in his lesson plans. 
                
                   Im sitting in his class right now....  His power points have nothing to do with the tests. He is very scatter brained and is very unorganized. He does not clarify on his assignments. He is very vague.  Do not take him. I regret it. He is very very boring.  He makes it harder than what it really is on purpose!!!
                
                   His tests are HARD, but will prepare you for the state exam. I absolutely love him even though his tests frustrated me. He knows his stuff and gives you plenty of opportunities to better your grade on assignments and projects if you turn them in before they are due. He DOES GIVE you study guides for the tests so DO THEM! Not an easy A, so work hard
                
                   The professor was very unclear on tests & provided no reviews. He was very boring , and his power points were useless; and had no connection with material on tests. Would not recommend him.
                
                   Dr. Sorrel has been my favorite professor at TAMUSA.  His tests are not easy but they prepare you for yourstae certification.
                
                   Great Professor..There were issues with Pearson, but were quickly resolved.I do believe attendance, attention, and studying are significant in recieving a good grade. Sadly, its those students who did not accomplish one, or all, and have the audacity to blame others for their irresponsibiliy not realizing they did not fulfill their requirements.
                
                   Being in the professor's class had a couple of moments where things got dicey. However after everything was clarified the course was rather smooth. Most of your information and activities come straight from the book. The Test questions come directly from the MyLab exercises so you practically know what will be on the test. Never once was I confused
                
                   The tests are not easy to understand. The review and mylab.com tests have nothing to do with actual test. You can get all A's, but end up with a C because of his tricky tests. I don't recommend taking his classes.
                
                   She is an easy A. Yes, she is disorganized and is all over the place. She is very lenient as long as your not an ass about it.  Exam's were tough but as long as you do your "readings" which she would tell you what they were you were good. 
                
                   In her class we must speak Spanish but, she lacks the knowledge and skills to even speak, and write the language. She is very disorganized. She constantly changes groups, and assignments. The changes she does to the assignments usually involves adding more work, and informing students about this at the last minute. Expects students to correct her.
                
                   Very disorganized and doesn't know her content she kept asking students how you say certain words in Spanish. She should be teaching us not us teaching her lol 
                
                   doesn't know her content is very disorganized
                
                   I have this class once a week on Wednesday and last Wednesday she said that the test was going to be multiple choice. Well I took the test today and it wasn't multiple choice it was questions and you had to write out the answer. Had I known that I would of studied more. You really have to know your stuff if your going to write out your answers
                
                   Don't take her she does not follow the syllabus. She is very disorganized and does not know her content. She will make last minute changes before an assignment is due and usually that change means more work is added. 
                
                   Good teacher who balances a lot..Helpful when you speak with her one on one.
                
                   She is a good teacher! She makes learning about Literature fun and gives you good insight into the subject. She is a little disorganized and takes a while to grade papers. She is also not always clear about what she wants from you on assignments. Overall though I would say she is a good teacher.
                
                   This lady is very disorganized. On some days she says one thing and then changes. Her &quot;quizzes&quot; are more like test but are easy if you study.
                
                   Although I was hesitant in taking this class, due to all the negative comments about her. She was totally different. Extrememly friendly, very knowledgable of her area, and loves what she does! Tests are very difficult, I only passed one but if you do all your other work you get credit for it. Dont expect to ever leave early. But she is a great!
                
                   I learned the most from this professor.  She will help you with anything if she knows your are serious.  Does not have patience for excuses and no homework.  Loves her field and is very knowledgeable.  This class was hard but I learned alot and grew to respect this teacher greatly.
                
                   She has horrible time managment. We never get out five minutes early, its more like five to ten minutes late. She will hold you in class, never keeps dates on the syllabus the same, and expects you to know everything. She asks your opinion and then completely criticizes and embarrasses you in front of everyone. BORING lectures!!
                
                   Dr.Sinkfield, She will sink your self esteem and make you feel like you are stupid. How can she have taught special education if she does not know how to differentiate her own lessons as a professors. No patience towards students.  Very arrogant and obnoxious. She thinks she is always right, and you are wrong. Talks to much very boring.
                
                   She cares about what she teaches but she treats students as if they are stupid for asking questions.  It makes it very demeaning at times and makes the students feel like fools for not thinking how she thinks.
                
                   Dr. sinkfield is a good professor, i can tell that she really cares about what she teaches...BUT she has TERRIBLE time management...i would say 99% of the time we dont go by the timeline of our course schedule and she can be rude and intimidating at times.doesnt help since we have presentations in there...kinda kills your self confidence in there..
                
                   Dr. Sinkfied is very passionate about her subject. She is an excellent instructor. Her use of case studies helped make the topic easier to understand. I could listen to her all day!
                
                   Everything you learn will be on your state exam. She aligns her content to help you understand much more than book work. She is such a wonderful person and great to be in her class. You will and have fun in her class.
                
                   There is a lot of reading in this class, but she goes over the text very well and if you take notes in class you will do very well. She is good at giving back feedback and wants everyone to do well. Great teacher!!!
                
                   She is such a wonderful teacher. it was a lot of work towards the end, but it was fun and she helped with any questions one had. Great teacher.
                
                   Dr. Vera is wonderful.  She goes out of her way to make sure students understand concepts and uses hands on teaching.  I would not have passed the PPR cert.test without her class.
                
                   She is always willing to answer your questions. Her class is a blast you get to get up and move around alot.
                
                   Great teacher! Willing to help. Extremely understanding. Not much homework. Learned many new things from this class.
                
                   Awesome, fun, very helpful! Many great ideas! Engaging!
                
                   Wonderful sense of humor!
                
                   Took her for Trends in Education. She is very laid back, which can be a good or bad thing. Many of the students walked in late on a daily basis. She is an easy grader, but her lectures seemed unorganized, she relied heavily on the class to participate. 
                
                   She is very helpful and understanding. I would definetely take her for another class.
                
                   Confusing, but effective.
                
                   wilson is hilarious & class goes so fast. everything is fast. she even gets grades to you relatively fast. i've had professors that give you grades 3 or more weeks later. she doesnt. she allows rewrites on papers, so i dont know why people say she is negative. she shows all the wrong things, but lets you correct them for learning.
                
                   Feedback is given in a very negative/sarcastic way. Some students think her sarcasm is funny, but many of us don't.  I believe she should try to help students versus critizizing their work.  There is so much to learn in this class which is good, It would just be nice if it was done differently and slow down a bit so students can better understand.
                
                   Dr. Wilson expects graduate level work. Her assignments are all related back to the learning, and she makes you think about your practice in deeper ways. You end up considering the why as well as the how of the lessons you teach. Very rigorous, but really changed the way I teach and think about teaching.
                
                   Super funny!  I now know how to work with student data! This class is hard, but really interesting and different compared to other classes taken at A&M. You might be overwhelmed but you are NOT going to be bored!  
                
                   Dr. Wilson is always available on her texts. She answers really fast. Everyone I sat next to liked her and the class goes by so fast. Their is a lot of teaching and high expectations. She wants to put teachers out there that are good. Im not sure we live up to her high expectations. 
                
                   Dr. Wilson's class was the hardest class I have taken at TAMUSA & not because of the strenuous material, but more so because of the time and effort required to make an A or B in her class. Dr. Wilson's case study is TIME CONSUMING, do not put it off. Ask questions, lots of questions. She will help, but you have to make the effort to ask. Good Luck!
                
                   As students our focus is our degree,  negative feedback is not very inspiring Dr. Wilson, and sarcasm at its best.  Constructive feedback is a plus instead of neg comments to make you feel like you're the stupidest individual, no motivation here.  We need more positive Prof for this section, this has been long over due, hope to see a change soon.
                
                   This class is not for the faint thinkers. Think hard and think fast cause she does! Theres a paper, a huge data analysis packet and a case study, plus quizes and a final.
                
                   There is so much to learn in Dr. Wilson's class, but so little time.  She crams everything to make sure she covers all on her end.  As a college student I set my expectations very high, but this class is just way over the top.   We are given way too much, instead of grasping info to help us in the future,  our focus is set on completion of assign.
                
                   Too much work in so little time. Assignments aren't clear on what she wants. She expected you to know what she wants and you don't get another chance.  
                
                   Dr. Wilson is VERY UNCLEAR in teaching. She puts things on the test that aren't discussed and did not spend enough time covering a subject before testing on it. Every test we took had some (negativity); on it that had to be fixed. Her grading scale overall is very leniant.
                
                   She was Okay just below average!  
                
                   She talks way too much! (blah, blah, blah)  She thinks we are UT students with 4.5 GPA or something. (calm down lady)  She thinks she is funny but, she is a horrible instructor overall.  DON'T take her guys!!!! :)
                
                   She is very percise on what she expects in her class.
                
                   She is a great teacher, I honestly felt like I learned a lot from this class. She made it fun and interesting as well as making it "real world" applicable. She shared a lot of stories from her work that helped with the material from the books.
                
                   Talks fast when she knows that some students need to -code switch- from English to their mother tongue.  Half the time I got lost though I was not a back seat student nor did not operate my electronic devices.  True, the students are university level, but not post graduates, in class to earn a masters or second masters.
                
                   This professor will not read the book for you just expects you do and understand or ask questions if you dont. So many professors just use the book ppt, but she doesnt. She is obsessed with treating students like colleagues who will work for their grade. I worked hard and made a B. Others were not so lucky..
                
                   Dr. Wilson was awesome. I would take her class again.
                
                   Dr. Wilson is by far one of the best professors at Texas A&M. She is very knowledgable in a lot if aspects, but especially when it comes to reading. She always made class fun! Her quizzes and tests are easy IF you prepare for them. She is willing to help in any way that she can and never on e did she turn a student away. I would love to take more classes with her.
                
                   She expects a lot of her students, but is an amazing professor. Very easy to approach! Her class is a lot of work, (I took it in the summer!) but it is possible to make it through! She doesn't want to see any of her students fail, so therefore she is willing to work and help you with anything! LOVE DR. WILSON!
                
                   I had Field Base with her and she was extremely helpful and had something positive to say every time. She did give good criticism but nothing that would put my spirit down, ( just things to work on). I liked her a lot.
                
                   b
                
                   Dr. Webb provided great insight into the technological world and teaching. We had several difficult assignments that required a lot of time and work. However, it was very satisfying and helpful. I have used the knowledge obtained over the past months and it has been great. Neat person and good instructor.
                
                   AMAZING TEACHER and class! Her class is interesting and she is a great teacher. As long as you do all the projects you will do great. The projects are fun and interesting! I loved this class, but would take other classes with her.
                
                   This professor made reading in my content area come alive for me. She's demanding, but clear as a bell and inspiring. I thoroughly enjoyed the class!
                
                   Excellent class, excellent teacher.
                
                   This professor did not appear  be prepared for class and she was rude to students. The atmosphere she created for her students was definitely not conducive to learning.
                
                   I was exasperated throughout the course of this class! Never were clear and concise directions given and her grading system was impossible to understand. There was a genuine uneasiness about her classroom atmosphere that always made things seems tense. Her lectures never coincided with her tests or assignments which always threw me for a loop.
                
                   First let me say that my original impression of Dr. Cude was great: personable and professional. But I quickly suffered whiplash. Out of all of my professors she has been the most informative but unfortunately she is snappy and abrupt, has favorites,  and is notoriously moody. If you want an A - be quiet and passive.
                
                   Awesome teacher! Makes sure all of her students are taken care of, not just in her class but other classes they are taking. If a student is having issues in their life, she will do everything she can to help out. She gets back on emails really fast and is willing to work with you if you have any questions about an assignment in her class. 
                
                   Best professor I ever had.  And her name is Dr. Davis now
                
                   Good professor, but hasn't been my favorite advisor. Professor wise, she's one of those you don't want to disappoint.
                
                   Love her. She is passionate about education in general. Wants her students to learn the most up to date strategies to use in the classroom. The assignments completed in her class are things that I will use in my own classroom. Every lesson and assignment had purpose!!! Great professor. The others at this university could learn from her.
                
                   The best professor I have ever had. She invites graduate students to be colleagues and then guides them along the way. She has worked very hard to get where she is and it shows in her compassion and empathy.
                
                   Dr. Crowder is a really amazing professor. She really loves her students and she shows that she cares about each of them individually. She is available to her students at all times and she encourages students to speak their minds and grow from their experiences. Her class is not easy but you will learn.
                
                   She wants her students to be successful in class and in life and does all she can to motivate and encourage growth.
                
                   Dr. Crowder is a very intelligent and helpful professor. She made it a challenge, but also made the class worthwhile as we learned much more than we thought we would have. Definitely recommended.
                
                   She is very moody! She also act all that and not much help when it come to grading your papers on time, so you don't know how you done on the 150-plus children Literature books you have to read.Her attitude shows she will have it her way or you fail!!!
                
                   She is an amazing professor. A very passionate teacher.
                
                   Ms. Crowder is a knowledgeable, helpful, conscientious professor who cares deeply for her students. She's an almost brand new professor, but I think she'll be an amazing asset to this university. Excellent class, excellent professor!
                
                   I've recommended people to the program just so they can take his classes. He straightened me out and opened my eyes to things I never realized we're part of the job. I called him once for advice and he actually called me back and helped me out. He is a faster thinker than most I've seen. 
                
                   I heard so much about him before I took his class. I heard he is both Mensa and practical. Wait until you take the class. I think if he taught a class everyday for the rest of his life I would never run out of things to learn. He could be a CEO for a fortune 500 tomorrow. All I want to know is what plays through his mind - intriguingly brilliant.  
                
                   I just finished his superintendent class and he is brutally honest and full of experiences. He is a natural leader and knows more than most superintendents in the state. He will make a fine head superintendent one day. He is so practical, smart and caring that you just want to sit down alone with him and listen to the next big idea.
                
                   The class has a lot of work, but is very practical and Dr. Ott guides you through it. His class feels more like working and learning from a real administrator and less like listening to a college professor. He is a great teacher, very smart and cares.
                
                   I saw him in action as a leader in Killeen ISD and now see him as a professor. He is very good at both and very smart. I am learning a lot from him and know why the districts he has worked in do well. My principal continues to reference his ideas and leadership. He makes a lasting and positive impression. My class is lucky to have him.
                
                   The smartest and most supportive instructor I have ever had. He is a great teacher, but an uncomparable leader. We are lucky to have his mind in education.
                
                   Words cannot describe his teaching style!  I would take his class again! GREAT TEACHER!
                
                   Dr. Ott knows his stuff. He is a great teacher.
                
                   Dr. Mussey was an excellent teacher. She engaged the class in great discussion and provided positive feed back to all assignments given! She genuinely cared for her students!
                
                   Not sure where to start except that if you feel like she doesn't want input: you are right. She values the direct teaching approach and you as a student have nothing to offer, so sit down and zip it. Oh and don't expect to catch her in her office and if you do - don't expect her full attention.
                
                   Karon rocks the English 1301 and 1302 world
                
                   Intelligent, entertaining, realistic expectations of working graduate students.
                
                   He is an acquired taste. He pushes students to learn more than they think they can know about statistics. He makes concepts applicable and provides metaphors so students can understand the conceptual understanding of concepts. 
                
                   When he says this is the hardest class you will ever take, he isn't kidding.  But he will answer any question and is GREAT during office hours.
                
                   Lectures using the Socratic method,so there is no practical aspects. You learn nothing because the this; begins with a narrative analogy comparing the statistical method to having sex. Why hasn't he been charged with sexual harrassment. Lectures in a deadpan voice, very boring. After class, he speaks in a deadpan manor, no personality. Worse prof!
                
                   Dr. Reynolds is a knowledgeable, fun, conscientious, and professional professor. She inspires her students to excellence. Wonderful teacher!
                
                   Great fun, a lot of good information for those who plan to teach.
                
                   She totally changed my life.  She has always been very professional, but she allowed me the opportunity to get to see the human side of her.  I will always remember her for her firmness, but also her fairness.  She is extremely intelligent and very caring about her students, although she does not allow students to know this.  I LOVE HER TO DEATH!!!
                
                   wonderful instructor, she tries to cram too much into one semester...too many repeated projects.
                
                   Dr. Allen tends to become easily distracted resulting in a lack of material covered. Overall she is willing to help but can be tough to work with. Rather than seeing this class as an opportunity missed I approached it as a challenge as I will be taking several other classes with Dr. Allen.
                
                   She is very confusing. She also does not give much feedback on any homework. The one major project is impossibly hard to get an A. She talks about nothing and repeats herself all the time. 
                
                   Dr. Allen's knowledge and experience is invaluable. I learned so much from her classes. She is easy going but expects the students to do the work and lead the discussions. 
                
                   HORRIBLE PROFESSOR. Do not take a course with her if at all possible. Doesn't teach anything, unorganized, zero feedback. HORRIBLE. Doesn't deserve to teach at a university level.
                
                   Atrocious,useless,unorganized,zero feedback,none of your work is returned,gave incorrect APA information and was an overall mess. My 9 y/o grandson could do a better job. She was a fake snake. TAMUCT needs an outside source to do evals. Steer clear of her if you want to learn anything. What an absolute black mark for TAMU systems!
                
                   Her personality is so sweet and gentle but this woman doesn't teach. I don't feel like I learned anything in class. She talks and talks about nothing. The project you do in this class is graded on an unrealistic scale. You have  vocabulary like elementary students.. I disliked this class soo much
                
                   This is the worst teacher I have ever had. She is unorganized and confusing. She lost a bunch of my work. She has no time management and she doesnt ever do any teaching. She just stands there and talks about stuff that is not going to really matter to us as teachers. She does not spend any time at all on the relevant material for the class!!
                
                   This professor was hard to understand. She was my advisor and she did not help me at all. She made things harder for me  I had to do extra work because she didn't know what classes I was supposed to take.  She was very controlling and at the same time acted very immature. She had trouble remembering what she said. after I had done all the work.
                
                   Very Good teacher!
                
                   Awesome professor who knows a lot. If you get a chance take him for class. Plus he has a cute smile
                
                   Great professor who is very knowledgeable. He will tell you exactly what to expect when you get into the classroom & he actually has been in our same shoes so he understands what we should know. He does not bore us or give us useless information. Its nice to finally have a professor who works in the field he teaches. He needs to teach more classes.
                
                   This professor will answer all your questions with clarity. Has plenty of experience in a real class setting not textbook. Take his CLASS!!!!
                
                   Great professor. He knows his information. He has a wealth of knowledge that will help you on your first year in school. He isn't like other professors who teach classes, but don't have any experience in the field they are teaching. Mr. Zavala is the real deal
                
                   He is AWESOME! Take him! He makes education fun! He love to tell stories about his day at school!
                
                   He is very knowledgable in Education. His classes are short and straight to the point. Clear and SIMPLE assignments and tests! He is very flexlible and considerate of his students. He is by far, one of the best professors at A&M.
                
                   Very inspirational professor, I loved going to class. She makes sure you feel comfortable in the classroom. Her lectures are incredibly interesting and I admire her greatly. She answers emails almost immediately, gives you a fair amount of chances to improve your grade, and supports you if you ever need any help academically. 
                
                   Excellent.
                
                   Great Professor, very helpful
                
                   I love Dr. Young!! She is extremely passionate and sincere about her craft. Her depth of knowledge regarding Bilingual Studies both in theory and practice is unmatched!! Take her NOW!
                
                   Took this course online and loved it. Alot of interaction. The assignments were clear and Dr. Young is very knowledgable about Bilingual Education and she was also very good about responding to emails. Am taking her again for another course this semester, highly recommend!
                
                   Dr. Webb is very clear, organized and fair when it comes to her class.  All of her students can make an A if they do the assignments and pay attention in class.  All lectures are interactive, based on thoughts and comments.  It is by far the most interesting class I've ever taken.  I would take her for all my classes if possible.
                
                   Super easy class.  Doesn't use BB, used EDU2.0 website, easy to use.  She cancels class a lot.  Very nice and down to earth, layed back.  She gives plenty of time to do assignments.
                
                   great professor! this is my third time taking her and she is very clear on what she wants, adequete time given to do assignments, not homework crazy, interesting prof.! i would take her for all possible classes!!!!
                
                   This course is really helpful for bilingual and ESL teachers. Finally, I feel like that I am capable of explaining things to my students. It makes sense after taking this class with her. She is very patient to explain and she never missed things on the syllabus. 
                
                   Awesome teacher. she knows her stuff. Lectures are interesting. online discussions for each chapter, 1 individual presentation, 1 group presentation, Final is a take home. easy class.  Take her, you wont regret it!
                
                   Prof. Wu is Amazing! Learned so much in her class. Lectures are interesting. online discussions for every chapter, 1 individual presentation, 1 group work SIOP lesson plan (serves as final), no quizzes or exams. overall easy class. Would definitely take her again.   
                
                   Dr. Wu always provides step by step clear instruction, and she always makes sure she sticks on the schedule.  Her background is very interested and she makes learning relevant to the actual context. Highly recommended, and knowledgeable! 
                
                   She is very professional in teaching the course I am taking with her. She is very knowledgeable. She is doing more than just teaching the course. Caring and very dedicated to her class. 
                
                   Dr. Wu is awesome! She is very helpful and always willing to listen to her students. Highly recommended!
                
                   Great professor, very energetic, fun, and helpful
                
                   Dr. Wu is VERY organized and professional. I loved her class! She is helpful and always willing to listen if you need her. She is a very "hands-on" teacher and her class was very engaging, which was good because Linguistics is a very dull subject. I learned a great deal more than I thought I would.
                
                   Professor Tejeda is a great teacher.  He really believes in constructivism and wants you to learn so that you can be the best teacher. Make sure you are reading the chapters and the tests will be ok. Just follow the syllabus and do your work and you will get an A.
                
                   Dr. Tejeda is awesome. He understands where us students are coming from and is very understanding to situations outside of school. If there was an assignment I missed, he gave me time to make it up. There are weekly assignments, but the answers come straight from the book! Over all I would take a class by him again any time.
                
                   I absolutely loved Mr. Tejeda's teaching style. He is very laid back, give great feedback, is very precise in what he expects. I would definitely take him again. 
                
                   Such a relax atmosphere. You will learn.
                
                   He is a great professor. He wants to make sure that you understand the material and coursework. He is more than happy to help you at all times. As long as you complete your assignments you should be able to make an A.
                
                   His model is "Don't sweat it; Relax." That is exactly how it is. Working in groups helps out with all the huge projects. Really liked his class!
                
                   He is all about how it really is in the real world, which is a good thing. Stress free class, not a lot of work. He is very nice and funny!
                
                   We learn best in a stress free environment and that is exactly what the professor follows.  He does expect you to show up to class but he is very flexible.  Have open communication with the professor and he will listen and work with you. I highly recommend this professor and I am taking him again for a different course.
                
                   Relaxed atmosphere. Professor gave enough real life examples. Always ready to help. Gives reviews before tests. Projects are in peer groups; helps a lot. Projects at first seem complicated, don't worry, he will explain everything.
                
                   Dr. Thomas is a very fair professor. His attendance rule is in accordance w/the university. ALL assignments are online, including tests. His tests are 50 questions long&you get 2 1/2 hours to take them. He takes FOREVER to grade, don't expect to know your grade until after the class is over. He is also funny. I would take him again.
                
                   He was a nice teacher, but be prepared for a lot of homework as well as group work.
                
                   He is very funny and I actually enjoy hearing his stories, his experiences. The work is easy and not a lot. However, going to class is pretty pointless because evrything is due online and I don't learn anything in class, just goes over power points. He does take attendance and requires to show up. 
                
                   Dr. Thomas was a good Professor. Would i take him again probably not a ton of work not very hard work but a lot of it his test are ridiculously long he makes you buy the clicker and we used it 4 times a lot of busy work 
                
                   I took the class with this professor expecting it to be easy based on ratings.  Wrong.  Failed my first two tests because I spend endless amounts of time studying the wrong details.  Don't take in the summer.  It's probably different in the regular term, but who knows.  He needs to be more clear about what is on the test.
                
                   Great professor, explained topics well. Always made time to answer questions
                
                   Dr. Thomas was a GREAT teacher. Yes, there is a lot of work throughout the semester but you actually learn in his class!! I will be taking every class I ca with Dr. Thomas!!
                
                   You are required to read each chapter so I learned from the book. He basically just goes over slides that talk about what you read. Very boring class. He does not respond to emails and does not grade the assignments that are worth the most points till the end of the year, so you don't know your grade even when taking finals. Will not take him again
                
                   All work submitted online except for a midterm & final folder check. His course organization through blackboard is atrocious. I guess he hasn't figured out how to separate assignments, tests, and course content into  different folders. His class schedule on the syllabus is also a complete mess. 0 enthusiasm. Having class is pointless.
                
                   Dr. Thomas is unclear, unorganized, and unprofessional.  He tells you do keep up with assignments, however, he does not keep up with grades. I received the wrong grade and when I asked him to change it, he told me he has a year to do so, which I think he plans to take the entire time.
                
                   Dr. Thomas is a very knowledgeable professor. If you read, participate, do your outlines, power point notes, and your weekly assignments you should pass with an A. Even though his midterm and final are 100 questions long it's just for show. I would take him again. Had to buy a dumb clicker now that was a TOTAL WASTE!!
                
                   He's nice, but tells you he prefers to be contacted by email, but fails to respond.   When it showed I had an assignment missing that I had turned it, I did just that, multiple times. He never responded, therefore it went unresolved and brought my grade down to a B+. Very frustrating since it was at the end of the semester.
                
                   I don't feel like I learned anything in this class. I'm a Spec Ed major so I was really disappointed when we got off topic (which happened a lot). He also said I belonged on a "short bus" when I got a question wrong, in front of the whole class! It was embarrassing and very inappropriate. Save your time and money and stick with another professor.
                
                   I have taken 4 courses with Dr. Thomas since I have been attending A&M.  I wish I could take more with him.  He's very helpful and knowledgable and knows what he's talking about.  He does he off the path a lot but a little reminder will get him back on track..
                
                   Dr. Thomas is great. He is funny and very helpful. Yes we don't always stick to the syllabus but that just means he's flexable.  Maybe a little forgetful, but he informs you of that from day 1 and sometimes you need to be thankful because it works out to the students advantage. I've taken him for 2 classes and if I could take him again, I would!
                
                   Very easy course. He is very forgetful and confusing at times, but funny and knowledgeable. If you are a pretty independent student and can learn material on your own, take him.
                
                   Loved him,,, made my 1st smemster ez
                
                   Professor Thomas was very helpful and has a ton of patience. Despite the syllabus changing, he is a teacher worth taking. If you have question or concern, he will stay after class to help you. I highly recommend him.
                
                   I know that all students do not like there profssors.  But Dr. Thomas has always answered and explained all material.  The students who seem to have problems are the ones that do not pay attention during class.  I have seen this professor stay after class and work with students.  He has the knowledge to help you become a great teacher . Use it
                
                   nice enough guy and he will answer your questions but is very very disorganized and most of the questions you'll end up asking are over the syllabus which changes drastically every class. This alone makes him difficult as a prof. Assigs are fairly easy if you can keep up with frequent last min changes. Not bad but far from good. I do not recommend.
                
                   She was a good professor, she did read directly from the powerpoint which made it kind of boring at times. There were a lot of in class discussions, which I personally loved and she always gave great feedback. Her tests are easy and directly from the review she provides. 
                
                   This is my second time taking a class with Mrs. Salzman. As always, her expectations are clear, she sticks to the syllabus, and her assignments are reasonable.
                
                   Great professor. Her class was fun and the assignments were easy. Alot of group work. Her exams come straight from the text and she provides great reviews beforehand. Would gladly take her class again.
                
                   Does not keep students informaed of grades. Doesn't really teach the class, most is all group presentations of the chapters. Could have learned more at home, reading my book. Not a good grad school professor.
                
                   Doesn't keep you updated on grades.  Will give you a B based on attendance alone. Try to avoid this professor....not worth it...at all
                
                   She is a terrible teacher, dont take her if you can avoid it
                
                   She was very organized and kept up with her Syllabus, she also brought in guest speakers. It was a hands on class and I throughly enjoyed it.
                
                   Great teacher, extremly helpful and exciting
                
                   Is very fair.  Explains things well.  Is always willing to help you.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   She always cancels classes.  Not organize at all. Try to give us a project as the final exam this semester but then change her mind.  At times, I don't think she is certify to teach this class.
                
                   Professor La Fleur with 20+ years teaching experience knows her subject, and gives good subject feed backs. The only thing is she is inconsiderate with her students feelings and actually reprimanded two of my classmates out loud in front of the class when they came in late for group presentations. She could have waited until everyone was gone. 
                
                   Deducts  grade points due to tardiness, absents, and of course late submissions. One way communication and will call you with a wrong name even if you have a name tag on your desk. Doesn't hesitate to tell you out loud in class  what's in her mind even though it may cause you to be embarrassed in front of your classmates- future colleagues. 
                
                   He was an excellent professor. Mr. Hinojosa made learning challenging. His stories were interesting and some were very funny. He was helpful with our research papers and group presentations. He is also one of the nicest professors ever. He made us copies of all his powerpoints for each class. I would take him again. He was very helpful and smart.
                
                   Great teacher! He does have awesome tips about research papers and is always there to answer a question. He will work with you,if needed.
                
                   Very knowledgeable about bilingual education and passionate about teaching. He helped us with our research papers and was always positive despite some rude students in class. He got better as the semester went on.
                
                   If you want to learn and want someone who cares this is your instructor. Great Lady I try to take all her courses.
                
                   she was there tohelp when you need it.  If there was ever any trouble with paperwork through the university, she was there to help you get it corrected to ensure that you graduated on time.  She works with your work/fam. sched.  She even works w/ you after graduation. I would highly recommend her.  She is great and one of a kind.
                
                   Great teacher, easy to get along with, would definantly take her classes every chance I get.
                
                   not recommended
                
                   Unclear with instructions for assignments. Tests are a joke, the answer keys do not even match up with the questions so grades are never accurate. Would not recommend.
                
                   This was a great class! I learned about the needs of ELL learners and studied every week for daily chapter quiz. Dr. Garcia was always prepared and knowledgable regarding best teaching practices-I will be taking her classes again in the summer-thank you Dr. Garcia!
                
                   This class is an easy A. I did not even read the book at all, only for my notes for the tests. For the final, it was open notes. This is definetly a no stress class. But, the class was kind of boring.
                
                   Tough professor, she does have a great background of experience good for class discussion, but can be confusing and not helpful with actual assignments and tests.
                
                   Lots of work on blackboard but she is fair on grading. Make sure to read the syllabus as it is your responsibility to turn in assignments on time. Presentations were easy don't stress.
                
                   She's very knowledgeable and will bend over backwards if you give 100%. She's an advocate for the student. Love her!
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Very knowledgeble about assessments. She is willing to help you but you must ask for it. Not consistant on grading system. She says 4 entries for Web CT, but she means 14 or more. She is very particular about attendance and distruptions and tardiness. She is quite the micromanager.
                
                   I enjoyed this class considering I gave up my Saturdays to attend class as needed. I had taken previous classes with Mrs. C & really enjoyed them.  She is an easy going tchr who loves to teach & shows it. On the 1st class, you might think she is corney, but she is not, she is just a tchr who loves what she does, to TEACH.  ENJOY!
                
                   This professor loved to talk about her family and irrelevant things. She sayd "UM" a million times when she talks, it was super annoying. All she did was give busy work and lecture. I learned nothing, I felt like her class was a waste of time.
                
                   She was very pre-occupied with her own family life that she couldn't keep up with grades and communicating with the class effectively.
                
                   Great teacher!!!
                
                   Mrs. Cerda is very organized. She keeps you informed about everything via Blackboard. She answers back quickly when you have a question, that needs answering, outside of class. Reading assigned chapters, going over study questions on MyEducationLab and writing thoroughly on milestone journals will ensure a passing grade.
                
                   A ton of homework. Quizzes and tests from the book, but lots of reading. If you do the work, you will do well in her class. Wants students to learn and be successful. Reviews all homework and gives feedback. Big Bark, but Big Heart!!! My favorite prof. of all time :)
                
                   Mrs Cavasos was a awesome teacher. At first the class seemed as though we were going to have a lot of work . It ended up all falling into place and this was one of the best classes that i have ever taken . 
                
                   Great Professor.  Very passionate about helping future educators. She does pop quizzes that are a mirror image of her actual tests.  She sets you up for success!
                
                    She really goes out of her way to make sure you are understanding the concept.
                
                   Great Professor!! Very helpful and clear on what she wants. The reading is very easy and assignments are just as easy. If you do the work, you will pass!!! Would definitely take her for another course!! The only way you will fail, is IF you DO NOT do the work. If you get the opportunity to take her, TAKE HER!!! I learned a lot from her. :)
                
                   Prof. Ball is a sweet, caring lady. Her lectures may be long, but she keeps it interesting with group discussions and games. I loved attending her class. She will get off topic some days. You won't find out your grades until the semester is over. Her test were take-home and sometimes long. Hardly any homework. I would take her class again!!
                
                   Professor Ball was one of the easiest professors to follow and understand. she's sweet and caring. she loves to make class fun and enjoyable for everyone. tests are based on class discussions but are easy to understand if a day or two is missed. loved Dr. Ball. TAKE HER IF YOU CAN. 
                
                   Great teacher! She knows what she is talking about and love to get the input of the class. She is very understanding of students and is more than willing to help. Need more teachers like her. The class is simple and interesting. Take her if you can.
                
                   She good just keep her updated.
                
                   Professor Calderon is a great professor, get ready to take notes because a lot of her instructions are verbal and not on the syllabus. At first you will think why so many of her lessons are on power points, but when you start taking the test you will realize that you learn so much from hearing her teach. I learned so much from her in the fall 15.
                
                   This course wasnt that bad however the test were very difficult
                
                   I love Mrs Sander. She has a wealth of knowledge, and only wants to see her students succeed. I have learner more in her class about teaching than any other.
                
                   Tests are difficult
                
                   Dr. Sander is very interesting and a great teacher. I enjoyed both classes I had with her.
                
                   Dr. Lease is great! She's the best research professor out there. She's fun, realistic, and has high expectations for her students.
                
                   Super easy class. Not sure my work was really reviewed before it was graded. Not easy to get ahold of teacher but still got an A. Easy A!!!!
                
                   Dr. Key is so nice. I definitely recommend her for your education classes. Extremely easy class, and she was out kind of alot and we got to cancel alot of class!
                
                   very organized, but lots of grunt work
                
                   Mrs. Goode is a great teacher. She is very organized and structured. Her class is demanding. Do not be intimidated on the first day when she hands you a folder with about 50 sheets in it. She is simply preparing you for the semester. I guarantee you will not have any surprises in her class. She tells you exactly what she wants.
                
                   Dr. Dorel is an excellent lecturer and is very interesting at all times! She is as outstanding as she is totally AMAZING!!!! I have been blessed to have her for my professor for several classes. Oh, by the way, did I mention that Dr. Dorel is absolutely amazing?!?
                
                   Love her as a person, hate her a professor. I've taken many classes with Zunker and I never learn anything. She is fun and crazy but never stays on task and never actually teaches you anything. However, she will treat you like her own child. Her classes are just really unorganized and frustrating. You'll get an A for showing up. 
                
                   loved zunker. taking her again next semester. hope i can get her for more of my education classes. shes so fun!!
                
                   A lot of students & myself say that she is lazy sometimes.
                
                   Love her!!! Try to take any class with her. All the information she gives is useful and she keeps it interesting :) She is inspiring
                
                   Absolutely Darling! Definitely made it fun, and very useful information for future educators. Her passion for teaching children was so inspiring! She's so funny! And I love the fact that she began each class by reading a children's book. :)
                
                   Love her!
                
                   She is such a wonderful person and teacher. She really knows what she is doing. She will tell you exactly what you need to know and how to be the best you can be. I can see myself being just like her!
                
                   Amazing professor! She is so helpful and truly cares about her students. Her lessons teach you what you really need to know about teaching! Take any class you can with her!
                
                   She is a great teacher.  She teaches you what you need to know before you go begin your career. The class is not hard and it is always interesting.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   This was probably the best class and the best professor I've had yet! What I really liked about this class was getting to work with a child and how Dr Skinner taught us a little more week by week about what to do to teach our child how to read better. You can really tell she loves teaching and she cares about her students!
                
                   great teacher. You must go to class, but don't worry you will not ever want to miss class. I would take her over and over.
                
                   She is a wonderful teacher.She makes going to class enjoyable. I would take her over and over. She is will help you in anyway possible. Going to class is a must, but don't worry you will not want to miss class!!!
                
                   
                
                   Great teacher makes class fun and interesting.
                
                   Very easy courses.  Very thorough in her teaching.  She really likes class discussions!!
                
                   Really easy prof compared to other classes. No extra work really. Easy quizes. No test. Take him.
                
                   great prof. nd book, eml vcrod@swbell.net
                
                   Teacher very, very easy going. Don't worry about homework, or for that matter any classwork!
                
                   Very Helpful, supportive and yet has high expectations.
                
                   The teacher gives several papers to write. She keeps you busy all semester. Her 2nd exam was take home and you had to write 6 papers.... BS class
                
                   I really enjoyed her class. She hosts tutorials for the biggest phonics test of the semester. They helped me out, I would really recommend them! Otherwise, keep up with the readings. She has occasional online journals and a few projects that include lesson plans. Nothing terrible....I really enjoyed taking a class with her!
                
                   She has a wealth of knowledge and experience in the teaching field. Her personal accounts related to teaching were helpful- not only for how to manage a classroom as a new teacher but to help your studying for state exams.
                
                   Dr. McCollough was a great teacher with many positive messages concerning science and teaching. She practices what she preaches. You can't depend on the coursepack she provides, you MUST go to her lectures but they are interesting and she works hard to keep the subject fresh. Her tests are hard - you HAVE to study. She will work with you, flexible.
                
                   Dr. Mac has is the best professor I have ever had during my college career. She is so caring about her students and she really motivates you to want to learn. Her lectures are long but she makes it very interesting. She gives long extensive study guides for the really tough exams, but if you study, you will pass. Highly recommend her as a teacher!
                
                   Dr. Mac is probably the best teacher I have ever had. She is so thorough and fun. She is demanding when it comes to studying and learning the material, but you will have fun and learn so much. She is an excellent teacher and has inspired me to become a better teacher.
                
                   This was easily the best professor I have ever had at any school.  I enjoyed going to class, and the work was minimal. None of her assignments are too challenging but I still learned a lot from her.
                
                   I took Dr. Mac in spring 2011. there was as insane amount of reading for this class (upwards of 5 chapters per week) and several pages of review questions. you will learn a lot though. her family science nights are fun and rewarding, although be prepared to shell out money for supplies (if you are becoming a teacher this can be a regular occurrence
                
                   I hated science till I took this class. She made things interesting. Must study for tests, do all assignments and don't plan on having easy course. Family science was fun but get good partner. Loved the lectures. She knows her stuff.
                
                   Excellent teacher!! Lots of work, but you will learn. Be prepared to turn in weekly assignments. Great test review. Does NOT set a student up to fail!!! Very helpful and understanding.
                
                   Hated science till I took this class. Dr. Mac is awesome and will help if you ask. Fun class! Recommend it@
                
                   Very caring, supportive, highly flexible, very inspiring.  Must takes notes during lecture, has many opportunities to pick up class points.  Is really clear on lecture content and what tests will cover.  Provides lengthy but clear study guide.  Test can be aced if you study.  Be prepared to turn in weekly assignments.  Very professional.
                
                   She definately makes you work!  She is very thorough in her teaching though.  Assignments due almost every week.  I thought that the class would be really hard but it is not.  Very nice lady.
                
                   Mr. Livsey tosses out the textbook and has you read four trade books instead. He has an interesting way of grading - offering more questions than you need to answer, so you choose which you want to answer.  Class is more interesting than it should be, because of Mr. Livsey.
                
                   I loved Dr. Lara's class.  She in my opinion, is one of the best teachers I've taken at TAMUCC.  She provides you with TONS of information for your future classroom.  The class is very hands on and instead of sitting in a chair listening to a long and boring lecture, you are participating in activities. Female version of C. Young.
                
                   Taking her online was a pleasurable experience because she was very organized and gives a calendar for what is expected and when. I did meet her in person and she is very approachable and sweet. Take her class!
                
                   She is amazing! Very helpful and sweet. She has lots of knowledge in the field of ED.Take her!
                
                   She is a great teacher.  The class is made up of guest speakers that have to do with education. You will learn a lot in this class.
                
                   Great teacher!!
                
                   Excellent teacher and person!! Takes and interest in the student learning. Awesome teacher. Totally wish I could have her for ALL my reading classes!
                
                   Shes awesome!  i love her and want to take her for all my reading classes!  Shes very helpful and keeps the class fun!
                
                   Overall Mrs. Dias is good. She is an adjunct but she knew her stuff. She issues extra credit. All her exams are short answeressay. I would take her again if she taught another course I needed in the future. Textbook was a class packet that I purchased from Islander Bookstore. Its a bunch of PP slides made into a book, bw, and very hard to read.
                
                   Mrs. Darnell is an adjunct but she was very good. She new her material and taught it very well. She is very hands on and does lots of group works and activities. She always made the lab lessons fun. She has a good sense of humor and as long as you listen and participate and ask questions you will do great. Available after class for any help.
                
                   Dr. Cunningham is very particular and precise.  If you do as she asks, you will be rewarded.  Buck her methods, and you will pay the penalty. Her interest is solely in creating an effective teacher. If you aren't effective, you will fail.
                
                   Although this class was a mountain of work, Dr. Crowder made every bit of it interesting! She is approachable and she easily becomes a coach whereas she wants to see every student succeed!
                
                   Absolutely the best professor I've had.  She cares about her students and lets you know what she expects.  On the first day she gives you everything you'll need to know about every assignment.  She's amazing!!
                
                   she is very helpful and her class is actually fun
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Dr. Cook is not clear with her directions at all, so it makes things very difficult. She reads off the powerpoints instead of actually knowing the stuff. If there is another professor that teaches the class take them.
                
                   Mrs. Williams is an awesome teacher! her classes are fun and she is very knowledgable. I loved having her as my reading teacher as well as my coordinator for internship! I would recommend her to everyone! She really loves teaching and is very kind.
                
                   Not good at all.  Don't know the subject well.  Picked up cell phone call during an exam time, can you believe it&#63;
                
                   No Comments
                
                   
                
                   Everything I learned in this class I learned from the textbook. Every class involved discussions that went on forever and didn't really have much of a point. Kept changing the syllabus. Talked alot about the interns she oversees; makes me want to intern somewhere she isn't. I wouldn't recommend her at all, if you truly want to learn.
                
                   had her for 350 and for 370.  she is the best.  Very understanding and really gives her all to the students and it shows.  Lots of hands on stuff but it pays off.
                
                   She is awesome.  Lots of group work but it pays off.  You really get a grasp and understanding of what is going on.  She is very understanding.  Anyone would benefit from taking a reading course from her.
                
                   Boring, dry, he does not follow through, he did not meet for the online chat at the specified time, the course work focused on the quantity of work completed during this summer session, not on the quality of understanding.  Never again.
                
                   Great teacher very flexible with dates encourages students to take charge of their own learning by creating learning contracts that entail what date assignments are due during the summer I and summer II sessions. Long as they were turned in by 12:00 pm on date you were good. Grading fair participation Blackboard discussions. Learned a lot. Easy A.
                
                   Teaches in a unique style. Very helpful, and is a fun and enjoyable class.
                
                   Easy &quot;A&quot;.
                
                   A very good professor.  Highly creative.  He allows the student to be creative and he understands a great deal about diversity. He is extremely helpful and if you pay attention in class you will understand that he want to know your thoughts and your perspective about childhood education.  He realizes that we all have sometihing to offer.
                
                   He is an awesome teacher. The class is pretty fun and VERY easy!
                
                   Did not know what he was talking about during class.. was never prepared with the lesson so he read us Harry Potter and talked about his family the whole time.
                
                   Very ambiguous about expectations, but did not crticize when we each interpretted our own way. Easy going, learner based course.
                
                   I loved his class and him as a teacher. If you pay attention and do you assignments then you should make an A. He list all of his review sheets on his website page. He can be a little boring at times but he's a great instructor!!!!!!!!
                
                   Very unorganized. Unhelpful. Unclear. Very easy- I did not learn anything. I did not like this professor at all.
                
                   Dr. Stryker is very helpful, interesting, and interactive in her lecture style.  She has high expectations, but if you do the work and show effort and enthusiasm the class as a whole is very enjoyable.  Her expertise and experience is golden.
                
                   Do not take this course unless you have no other courses and no life.  I was expecting to learn about Global Communication not repeat English 1 and 2 at the same time. She grades harder on the grammar than on the content of your work.  She counted off half my grade for 4 grammar mistakes....!
                
                   I would not recommend this instructor to anyone!
                
                   The class in itself is not hard. However, you can not take any portion of it lightly as the professor grades accordingly. Does not give any curve. Double check for grammatical errors.
                
                   As stated, don't fall behind. Strict scheduling that has to be adhered to. Plenty of time to do the work, but deadlines are strictly adhered to. Great learning experience, quick feedback, and questions answered usually within the day, or next day.
                
                   Very intense schedule. You have to stay on top of the workload. Other than that, very straight forward. Must have the text!!!
                
                   she's a great teacher! very patient and understanding. She took a subject that I didn't care anything about (and still don't care for) and made it palatable. Really nice person and a great teacher.
                
                   Very outgoing and sweet. A little boring...dont worry if you dont do good on the tests, she curves all of them! She even lets you do a short paper for extra credit worth 10 points. No possible way to fail!
                
                   Very Outgoing, helpful with all topics within this subject!
                
                   Excellent professor who truly cares about the students.  He is one of the best professors I have ever had and tells it like it is.
                
                   Very intelligent man, full of opinions that are interesting, knows his topic inside out.
                
                   Excellent teaching skills.
                
                   Very good professor.  I enjoyed his class.
                
                   I loved Dr. Pool.  He likes to tell stories, sometimes the same stories again and again, but he is extremely versed in CC Leadership.  He is both a quality professional and a great teacher.  Too bad his professional years were spend outside of a classroom, other students would have benifited from his teaching
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Class is disorganized and class time is spent on useless and irrelevant information. There is quite a bit of downtime of her staring into space trying to come up with what she is trying to say. She seems to teach about education in general, but little themed towards our course subject (Language Acquisition).
                
                   She is an awesome teacher, she is a lot of fun, even though she tends to pick on me a whole lot. I guess when you are me it is hard not to give me attention!!
                
                   She's a lot of fun and has high energy. We do a variety of activities that really make the class interesting.
                
                   Nott is hands down the best prof I have ever had. You can tell she cares so much about her students and TRULY enjoys teaching. Attendance is a must for her, but noone ever wanted to miss one of her classes because she was so informative, so it is not an issue. I will for sure always respect her for making me such a great teacher.
                
                   I loved Mrs.Nott.I have to honestly say she is my FAVORITE professor!She is so helpful and always willing to help her students.She is easy, but DOES expect you to go to class.She makes it fun so you don't want to miss!I learned so much from her class.I am a junior and have never had a Professor like her.I think Mrs.Nott is GREAT!
                
                   I loved loved loved Mrs. Nott!!! She is an awesome teacher and is EXTREMEMLY helpful!! There is AlOT of projects but she helps you on everything!!!!
                
                   I had very little interest in her class but she made it enjoyable. By far, she's the best teacher I've ever had. I'd take another class of hers even if I didn't need it.
                
                   Best professor I've ever had. She has become a mentor to me and I have decided to pursue my Doctorate as a result of knowing her. Great professor and an even better friend.
                
                   Dr. O'Neal is a great professor. Her classes are engaging and enjoyable. She is very knowledgeable in terms of subject matter. Grading is fair and all graduate classes require WORK! Tests are challenging but she tends to grade &quot;generously&quot;. Would enjoy taking another class with her in the future.
                
                   Outstanding professionalism, dynamic teaching methods, engaging lectures, mesmerizing stories, effective team mentoring, realistic examples for application of learning! Dr. O'Neal revolutionizes the graduate classroom environment. Only take her classes if you want to greatly succeed.
                
                   Dr. O'Neal's teaching style is contagious. Class uses real world transformational leaders for case studies. Highly recommend.
                
                   she is very bas professor, and she give us lots of homework and dont give us good grade. her exam very hard in 1 hour you have to answer 5 pages and it is essay questions. honestly, avoid her
                
                   The teacher obviously doesn?t know anything about managing a team. All of the assignments are the same thing over and over again. Didn?t get anything out of this class.
                
                   She is a very nice professor. She knows how to teach and she cares about her students. She is always polite and always greets people with a big smile on her face. I think she is great!
                
                   Extremely easy class, everyone gets an A, however assignments are give with little time for preparation. Took more than one course with this prof.
                
                   Great class.  She is so funny.  Great energy.
                
                   Very hyper
                
                   I enjoyed Dr. Naizer's Teacher Action Research Class.  I enjoyed his flexibility and ability to give students the opportunity to choose how to write the final action research paper.  I enjoyed the process of conducting action research.
                
                   Great professor.  Very helpful.
                
                   Great teacher and advisor!
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Her work load is ridiculous, but i always get an A.
                
                   Book work but was never tested. Tested over the little material gone over in class. Test questions designed to trick you. Easy A but not much was learned.
                
                   a lot of work!!!
                
                   &quot;Differentiating Instruction for the Gifted Kids&quot;--WORTHLESS class...we did SOO much work, and it being an ONLINE class did NOT help. =(
                
                   Difficult and tends to go on tangents. Class should be trimmed down considerably.
                
                   Get ready for busy work.  Also get ready for a ride, you don't know what's happening from one class meeting to another.
                
                   Ouch!  This class sucked, this professor sucked, what can I say more.  Don't take Dr. Miller if you can avoid it, but if you have to take her, stick to her internet classes.  She is a little less scatterbrained online.  I really don't know what I learned...too bad her class is on my comps.  Thanks Miller!
                
                   unorganized.  scatterbrained.  LOCO!  but get on her good side and you will get an A, regardless.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   AWFUL COURSE AND TEACHER. AVOID!!!!!
                
                   Busy work.
                
                   worst teacher I have ever had. I hope that she is soon retired, but I have no hope of that. she is very disorganized and changes her mind about assignments on every class. she is not clear in instruction and does not read your work. they call her killer miller for a reason.  WAY TO MUCH BUSY WORK!
                
                   Miller follows the book EXACTLY with little evidence of personal insight. Does not test what she teaches. Finds the most obscure, unimportant elements of the text & puts them on tests. Assignments seem &quot;spur of the moment&quot; & too large for the time allowed. Poor time management for the semester.
                
                   Okay. Not helpful, but didn't ignore email either. Just sort of left us to our own devices, which is NO way to learn accounting online, in my opinion. Requests for help often went unanswered.
                
                   Did not learn a thing in her class.  Can we say busy work&#63;  They don't call her &quot;killer miller&quot; for nothing.  If at all possible, avoid her classes! Was continually changing her expectations and directions on projects.
                
                   I enjoyed her grad class!
                
                   I had Joyce Miller when getting my Masters in Secondary and Higher ED.  One of the BEST teachers I have ever had.  She knew her subject, was fair, and was a good motivater.
                
                   Mrs. Lee is so much fun! She teaches the way that I want to teach one day, through hands-on activities, lots of collaborative group work, 5 minute lectures AT MOST, and games. She makes learning fun, while still covering a crazy amount of material. I will forever remember everything learned in that class, though. Take her if you get the chance!
                
                   Easy class you just have to do the work!
                
                   I really enjoyed this class and professor.  Highly recommend it to others.
                
                   This is the best professor I have had in my Masters degree program.  Without a doubt, I learned more from his class than most of the others combined. He is tough but he is fair and truly wants his students to succeed. Thank you Dr. Jones!
                
                   This class is not an easy A, but it's college and you have to put in the effort.  She is by far the best teacher I've had.  Sweetest person I've met and truly cares about her students.  She wants us all to do well.  You won't be sorry if you take her! 
                
                   Dr. Isbell is amazing!  You will need your book, you will write papers, and you will do group work.  It's work, but I had a great time in class.  Follow directions.  If you don't understand, ASK.
                
                   Run for the hills! She returned every single assignment and asked me to revise the most absurd items, and I am an A student! She constantly asked for students to call her and spent an hour on the phone with me over nonsense! Change your schedule!!
                
                   This class is crucial  for you to pass the generalist exam and unless you are willing to teach yourself this professor is not for you.  Her lectures are long with lots of power points, but she is not clear on explaining it and doesn't really teach it. She expects you to know it when you come to class. 
                
                   Dr. Burbano teaches through long PowerPoints and lectures. You are expected to learn from the book, and then listen to her talk about it in class. This class is extremely important, so if you cannot learn through reading the information and memorizing it, this professor isn't for you. There are only 3 tests that account for about 90% of your grade.
                
                   Super, super easy. Tests are take home. You cannot fail this class unless you do not do the work!
                
                   Great teacher!
                
                   Professor Haas is an awesome teacher. She cares and loves to teach. I really like her class very much. By taking this class I have learned a lot already and the class is not over yet. Also she is fair.
                
                   Dr. Hammack is awesome! She is super helpful and only covers topics that are relevant. She is sometimes unclear on what she wants but will always be there to answer any questions.
                
                   Great professor, knows her stuff, but was a little to all over the place for me. Hard to follow at times but class is easy.
                
                   I loved her she was so funny. I got an A in the class. She also gave extra credit!
                
                   Hammack is an easy A, but she's ridiculously scatter-brained. She gives you all assignments up front, which is nice, but she says one thing one day and then changes it the next. Clarity is definitely not there. She makes up rules as she goes, and she is super fly-by-the-seat-of-your-pants. 
                
                   Love this lady! She really is an inspiration. Even though she's a college professor, she knows how to work with small children because she used to teach them so she can relate. She's very easy going, but she does mean business. You don't do the work, you don't get the grade. She loves questions-if you have one, ASK her!
                
                   Love this sweet lady! She is a great teacher and person. She wants you to show up and pay attention in class though so please do because she deserves students who will listen and appreciate her. I wish all my teachers were like Mrs. Hammack.
                
                   Great Instructor, dull DAP project though.
                
                   I received an A in this class, she seems strict in some areas but other areas, are fairly easy. Of course you have to attend class and do actual studying on short quizzes. The partner/group project was the hardest, but if you have a good partner, you receive a good grade!! She usually asks for opinons at the end...may be good or bad.
                
                   She really knows her stuff. The course was half online half in class. Evened out nicely because the online portion was more demanding and there was a lot of marker usage in the classroom.
                
                   Very easy class IF YOU DONT MISS she has counted points off for missing. The quizzes are short so please study A LOT. I took her two semesters and received an A in both. The projects may be difficult if stuck with a bad partner, luckily I had a wonderful one. She loves creativity. She likes talking a lot and she knows a ton of good info for future
                
                   she is very experienced just dont take her language the wrong way she is old so i highly recommend her she does think she knows everything, is probably why she teaches!! Just enjoy getting a good education and dont dwell on the little things. Im am fixing to graduate and like most of the teachers in this department
                
                   She was great! This was my 1st class at Commerce after transferring from DCCCD. She really got me excited about my future career! Half of the class was online and the other half was in class. She did expect us to attend class but the lecture classes were very hands on and we did a fun project every week. I would definately recommend her!
                
                   EXTREMELY Helpful! She is very understanding and will answer any question you might have. She is not one of those teachers that makes you feel stupid when you ask a question. Trust me, I've had one!!! Hands-on to make concepts stick! Read chapters and write down review and you have the test; not hard. Think logically. Attend class.
                
                   sweet/helpful/inspiring woman. Exams easy; read the book and highlight important points; think logically. Exam from review she gives. She increased my excitement to be a teacher all over again.  Ask Q's and go to class. Sweet woman!
                
                   You will learn alot in her class!
                
                   She can be a little hard but she is very helpful. For the most part I liked her.
                
                   The classes were the kind where you read a chapter and then make some cutesy display your kids could make. Wastes alot of time would have been just as effective for her to tell us. The tests are pretty hard and written like ExCet tests. You also feel pretty unprepared for them. Not alot of projects though just lots of reading.
                
                   As a person Dr. Hammack is fine. As a professor I found her to be critcal of students question and very confusing in her directions on projects. The study guides are not helpful prepartion for the exams. There is more time spent drawing then on the material.
                
                   This class was not very interesting and I feel that I did not learn much from this course. I feel like the class could have been approached in a different way. She seemed a little to judgemental about other students. She is very hard when it comes to test time. So make sure to really study!!!!!!!!
                
                   I love dr. Hammack. She is tough and sometimes her class is dull. however, she knows what she is talking about and has tons of visuals. You better study for her tests. but if you pay attention and do your work, you will do fine in her class. After teaching for 4 years, her classes have helped my career and my teaching be effective for my students.
                
                   Awesome professor! I have a learning disability and find it hard to read textbooks. He does teach a lot out of the textbook, but explains it as well. He will tell stories, tell you what you need to know on tests, you have to be in class, and pay attention. You need your Fullwood highlighter!! I loved having the essay tests that I can explain what I
                
                   He really cares about the students and about making sure they learn. But he does it in a very helpful way. Great teacher.
                
                   This class was extremely interesting.  Yes, his tests are essay, but if you pay attention in class, and highlight with your &quot;fullwood&quot; highlighter, and then study that information until you know it you will be fine.  I think this class has been very helpful and interesting.
                
                   Harry Fullwood is a wacky teacher, He thinks of you as professionals not undergraduate students, study real hard and you might have a chance to pass the class. He gives you a grade of what you deserve and his test are real hard.
                
                   Fullwood is an awesome teacher!! He *is* the reason that I am taking SPED courses for my masters.  I loved his class and learned a lot!!  I am using what I learned in his class in my elementary classroom.  It really helped understand the problems that my s
                
                   Get your Fullwood highlighter ready and be ready to hear all about his childhood of being a SpEd student and not being treated correctly.  His tests are harder than all get out and he is honestly not a very well organized teacher.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   His tests are essay, but his classes are interesting and engaging.  STUDY STUDY STUDY!
                
                   OK course...leave your brain at home because the entire course is busy work. If you can put up with all the busy work you will do fine
                
                   Dr. E was a great professor. She had each weeks' lesson clearly written out and posted on Monday of each week. The assignments were incredibly clear and each section had a checklist. She made the class feel like a &quot;family.&quot; I would love to take her again. I learned a ton about technology in this class.
                
                   Her online courses are awesome. She is one of the best professors I've had while getting my Masters!
                
                   She is a highly organized professor.  She has great attention to detail.  Follow her directions very carefully.  She is doing an excellent job of preparing her students for research.
                
                   Pointless, elementary busy work to the point of nausea. Clearly someone whos is not concerned with higher order thinking or relevance. Really really bad. Be prepared to go back to elementary school. Way bad. Horrible. Quantity does not equate with quality. Useless.
                
                   She's kind and very understanding. She's a very good teacher.
                
                   Get ready for busy work.  Do not plan to have a life or work with this class. Very very true if it is in summer I or 2.
                
                   Dr. E. is a very nice person...helpful, friendly, etc....but- if you want to be inundated with more assignments than seem to be resonable for a tools class, this class is for you boy!.  I learned a lot, but the number of assignments was excessive.  If you are enrolled in more than this course, you wont have much time to devote to the others.
                
                   Give me a break.  She is the most nit-picky professor I have ever had!!! To the point of ridiculousness. ALL of her work is busy work with little to no practical application.  For some reason she considers herself a good teacher, hard to say since she never taught in class!  She is another professor who has students do her teaching for her. AVOID!!
                
                   EXTREMELY patronizing!!! She may be a good teacher, but doc students are not first graders.  It is time for her to get a grip on who it is that she is teaching....future collegues.
                
                   Miss Espinoza is horrible!  Although she is a nice person, she has lost touch with reality and needs to retire!  This class ended up being a total waste of time.
                
                   I learned a lot in this class!!  The ones that complain about it are the ones too lazy to complete the work!  The course was well worth the money and time.
                
                   A little too much busy work, but you can learn if you pay attention
                
                   There are many works in Dr. Espinozas class, especially for Etec 557.  I love her E Research class.  It is very hands-on and I learned a lot.  She is very kind & helpful outside class and always has time to listen and help her students.  She is an outsta
                
                   Professor Doyle is one of the best professors in the Education Department. She demands excellence and she expects it too. She can be intimidating to some, but to me she was always helpful and very encouraging. Would take any class she teaches.
                
                   Professor Doyle is good at teaching.  She was clear on her expectations but does make you work for your grade, it's college!  But every student is to scared to ask questions, she's not approachable at all.  She told some students there was "no way" they would make internship, and they did.  I feel she should be more encouraging and supportive!
                
                   Professor Doyle is passionate about education and it shows in her lessons.  She is there for students and wants everyone to succeed.  She is from New York and does not sugar coat things - she can be intimidating, but she really is awesome.  You won't have exams in this class, just projects.  Choose wisely and make sure your TEKS match!  ;)
                
                   GREAT PROFESSOR! One of the best. She really cares about children and her students. I hope to be half the teacher that she is. Not to mention she is EXTREMELY HOT!!! ;)
                
                   THE BEST EDUCATION TEACHER COMMERCE HAS TO OFFER!!!  I can only hope that I can one day be a teacher like she is! take her every chance you get and you wont be sorry!...in her class there is tons of useful info to be learned!..LOVED IT!!!
                
                   I LOVE HER!!! She is a GREAT teacher. She explaines things in a way that make sense. She does a lot of &quot;hands on&quot; activities which is great!!! I highly recommend her!!
                
                   She is great, You will love her she cares about everyone of her students, and very flexible
                
                   heather Doyle is the best! I loved the way she incorporated lots of &quot;hands-on&quot; activities. She makes this class very fun and she does care about her students.
                
                   She is wonderful. She is helpful and sincerely wants you to succeed. She has a great sense of humor and is easy to talk to. LOVE HER!!
                
                   Did not grade course assignments until the last few weeks of class. Very little/no feedback. However, Dr. Davis responds quickly to email and is helpful.
                
                   Dr. Davis is very knowledgeable. I have enjoyed each of the classes I have taken with him.
                
                   Dr. Davis is very nice. He never let me go home early when I attended his class.
                
                   Very good prof.
                
                   He is a wonderful professor.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   She is a very hard teacher, but I learned a lot. Do exactly what she tells you to do and you will do fine. Be sure to ALWAYS check your email. I would also advise you to check it right before leaving to go to class. Be prepared to work and try not to take her negative comments personally! She really is concerned with your success.
                
                   She was the advisor for my transfer orientation.  She had me almost in tears.  She was very rude and not helpful at all.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   She knows her stuff, and still has a realistic view and memory of the classroom. Her expectations were clearly defined and consistent. Made sure we knew what to remember for comps without &quot;teaching the test.&quot; TAMUC will definately miss her. Best of luck at Sam Houston.
                
                   Great teacher. I loved her class.
                
                   Easy class if you show up and turn in your work. Very helpful. Will work with you if you communicate with her. Easy test, will review before, they are scantrons, and the last is essay.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Horrible snd very hard to follow in her instructions
                
                   No Comments
                
                   I would have to say she is unprofessional. She was the teacher that tells you that you wouldnt be able to do something and 5 years later you want to show them that they were wrong because your doing great!!!  DONT JUDGE STUDENTS, ENCOURAGE THEm and try to help them!!
                
                   Mrs.Steiner(she got married) is a great teacher.  She is really nice and understanding.  Her class is a breeze, and she responds to e-mails almost instantly (at all hours of the night).
                
                   she's awesome!!
                
                   Very sweet lady and always very helpful and understanding! Would love to take her again!
                
                   She was a good teacher. She really loves what she does and shares great things for our future teaching. She is a pepolple person and was always there for help.
                
                   TAKE HER!!! She is an awesome teacher, and very helpful! You will come away with so many wonderful and fun activities to do in your own classroom one day! Just do what she ask, and you won't have a problem! I will definately recommand everyone to take her!!!
                
                   She is AMAZING!! The things you use and learn in this class will be helpful throughout your teaching career! Class is fun, interesting, and extremely helpful. TAKE HER!
                
                   Mrs. Adams is AMAZING!! I promise if you take her class you will come away inspired to be the best teacher. She makes the class fun and interesting!!
                
                   Mrs. Adams is a hip teacher.  There are a few projects and lots of class discussion.  Tests are mult choice - study your review and you'll ace it. Mrs. Adams is helpful and fair. I recommend you take her for anything in the EDU area.
                
                   I had her for CED111, and if you just put a smidgen of effort, you'll pass. As a future educator, though,  I learned so much from this class. Becky was super sweet and caring towards every last one of us. I couldn't imagine taking this class with anyone else. (Also, personally, in my class, the textbook was never required. We used it once.)
                
                   Becky is amazing as a teacher and advisor. She teaches through hands-on activities, lots of movement, and meaningful lessons. She is prepared, organized, and always has a smile on her face. She is big on attendance, positivity, and high expectations. She really made my semester enjoyable. Also, she gives easy tests and grades! Do the work!
                
                   Awesome professor! She is very helpful and will make sure you get the proper information you need to be successful! I get person to have in your corner!*Took her last semesters* Still go to her now for question on other things!
                
                   Super sweet professor! All tests she gives a study guide and it is exactly whats on the test. The last test is take home. As long as you do the work you will do great!
                
                   Awesome professor, very engergtic and understanding! I would recommend her definitely!
                
                   Best teacher ever!!!
                
                   The best professor I have had thus far!!! Love her!!!
                
                   Awesome!!!!!
                
                   Take her for whatever class you can get with her.  She is awesome.
                
                   SHE IS GREAT! TAKE ANY CLASS THAT SHE TEACHES!
                
                   Great teacher.  Always helpful and will prepare you to be a teacher.  She is the best!!!
                
                   i loved her!
                
                   Dr. Adams is a fantastic professor.  She really helps prepare you to be a teacher.  She cares about her students.
                
                   RUN to take Mrs. Adams. She is great!
                
                   Great person and teacher. She will help anyone that she can. I can recommend her HIGHLY!
                
                   I love her!  I could not have asked for a better mentor!
                
                   Awesome person and teacher. Great person to have in your corner.
                
                   Not willing to work with students in need of help!
                
                   Very understanding.  She will help  you out with anything and is just a great all around person!  She is the head sponsor for CMLA great organization!
                
                   No Comments
                
                   This professor is a poor communicator and lacks interpersonal skills.  She not only lessened my interest in the field of education but nearly drove me from it.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   I definitely would not take her again. She was incredibly boring. She wasn't helpful at all. She just seemed like she didn't know what she was doing. She also just read the slides during class and didn't really bring anything to class that would enhance the learning of the material. Don't take her!
                
                   I had a rough time in this class because it was mostly online lectures, textbook reading,  essays, and tests. The  lectures hold the bulk of the information and they are VERY hard to listen to. I got very bored with the length and content in the videos. i got really peeved with the sound of his spit as he talked... still got an A because extra cred
                
                   Not a hard professor at all. Just do assignments and do them well and you'll get an A. You have to write a bunch of essays and read a couple books, but you also get to go to schools and observe classrooms and all sorts of neat stuff. Would definitely recommend her.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   The best!!
                
                   Dr. Torres' employment law class is awesome! It was really interesting and it doesn't take much to do well. He's super cool too. There's a quiz every class, but they're only 5 questions and he practically hands you the answers during lectures. He assigns journal entries and discussion posts to do each week, but they're not hard. Take it if you can!
                
                   Professor Taylor was awesome! She taught my assessment in reading class. She is very knowledgable and I learned a lot from this course. My class was a hybrid (half online half in person) so we had a lot of online work but none of it was very difficult. There are no tests aside from a few group quizes. I would definitely reccomend her! :)
                
                   He is probably the best professor I have taken at A&M. He is always there to help and relates very well with students. He is very inspiring and if you show up to class you will be fine.
                
                   Mr. Taylor is AMAZING! He is an amazing teacher who is very passionate about his work. He gave us a lot of insight based off of his experiences and was so open and honest throughout the entire semester. The class was entertaining and he likes to have dialogue with the class during his lecture. I loved his class and would definitely reccomend him! 
                
                   He is a good teacher and is really approachable. He really knows technology. Beware that he is a tough grader and will not give you full points for discussion postings which I have never seen since they are usually completion grades and prompted opinion answers. However, still would take again. Pretty easy as long as you do the work.
                
                   I bought the textbook online and used it for assignments and vocab but never read it all the way. She is terrible about answering emails/office hours. Never entered grades online correctly, which caused major confusion. Easy weekly article-based assignments but tough grading, two quizzes, easy final, two webinars. She's particular about details.
                
                   DO NOT TAKE HER!! She is terrible! She makes this class so much harder then it needs to be and is so picky about little things! I regret taking this class with her!
                
                   Does not return calls, or emails.   His directions are not clear, and when he does give you information he is likely to change it.  Avoid him if you can.
                
                   Excellent, focused on content and allows the student to think out of the box, past expected norms to explore  how to improve the education system and personal instruction methods.
                
                   Dr. Slattery is brilliant! I wish there were more professors like him.
                
                   Dr. Slattery is the most dynamic and interesting professor I have had at A&M.  He makes you think.  I really enjoyed his films and book.  He presents perspectives on issues that I have not considered before.  He helps students to think aobut issues in schools that we will face.  Take this class... even for an elective.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Dr. Slattery is the most intelligent, most demanding, most awesome professor I've ever had!  I owe him so much!  Deconstruction!  Postmodernism!
                
                   it's the easiest A you'll ever have.  all you have to do is the work - he doesn't give out much, and what is given isn't hard.  i loved the class and learned a lot.
                
                   If you like ultra left wing, pro homosexual views SHOVED down your throat, he is the teacher for you
                
                   He is a great teacher. He really cares about his students. Take his class!
                
                   Excellent class, insightful, helped me develop additional viewpoints
                
                   she is an excellent professor! very knowledgable and creats a fun classroom environment...she's really cute too!
                
                   All she can discuss is her own,very limited dissertation. She played favorites and was clueless about classroom management.  Needs help in teaching methods and new ideas for class.
                
                   most helpful professor ever! wish there were more like her here; and it doesn't hurt that she is really good to look at, too!
                
                   Only puts about half of the assignments on the syllabus which doesn't help those who need more than a couple of hours to complete long bibliographies or research articles. Instructions are vague and class is useless, however, there are some participation grades (even though she said this class can be taken as an online class) Contradictory. Annoyin
                
                   Study, study, study, and you will do great in this class. The textbook is your friend!!! Vocabulary is a big thing for her, but you also know how to do the math. Make sure to participate and study as she goes over the material because sometimes at the beginning of class she will give pop quizzes. Overall, great professor!
                
                   This class is set up horribly. I was so confused and i missed a assignment at the beginning of the class. Because i missed this very simple basic busy work assignment, it was very tough to get back to passing. She doesnt put all the assignments on the calendar, only half of them. So dont go off the calendar. This classes workload was alot.  Boooo!
                
                   When I signed up for the course, I didn't expect there to be so much reading. In general, we had to read about 12 fiction novels in about  7 weeks. It seems like a lot, and it was. BUT I would take the class again. Even though it thoroughly kicked my butt, I learned so much that I can actually apply to my classroom. Plus, I like to read. Good luck!
                
                   Dr. Matthews is an amazing prof, she actually teaches you things that you will need to know as a future teacher. Reads a book every class(: She is very informative about everything & will always clarify if you do not understand. There are many group projects but you don't really even have to meet with your group to get them done! She is wonderful!
                
                   Professor Matthews is a great professor! She always moves around due dates to the students' advantage, which is amazing. Fairly easy-grader so long as you do you work. She does take attendance, you are only allowed one absence. She doesn't believe in exams (hallelujah), but there are TONS of group projects. No textbook. LOVE her.
                
                   Koebernick was by far my favorite professor of all time. You have an assignment almost every class, but they are hardly more than one page and basically for completion. He takes attendance, but there is no reason to skip because it is a super fun class. He even takes the class out for dinner a few times. Absolutley adore him.
                
                   Professor Koebernick is great! He is such a sweet guy and he honestly cares about his students. The group project is not the most fun to do, but possible. All exams are online. There is a lot of homework, but again it is possible to complete. This class is very time consuming, but still helpful and educational! 
                
                   Awesome professor! He really loves and cares about his students. Attendance is mandatory but I loved going! A lot of assignments but they are fun and easy. I wish he taught more classes because I would take him again! 
                
                   Take him! Loves his subject, can go off on tangents sometimes. Lots of assignments but super easy, easy exams and quizzes
                
                   he was an awesome professor who cared to express his love for teaching and for his students. he gave good advice to bring with us in our careers and was very understanding about assignments. check ecampus every day to make sure you dont miss an assignment. 
                
                   Doug Koebernick really cares about his students. This class has A LOT of assignments, but you will get full credit on all assignments as long as you turn them in on time and follow the directions. Overall this class is an easy A as long as you do the work and go to class. Tests are online and open-note but you only have 25 minutes to do them. 
                
                   I love professor Koebernick! He is really a great guy and he really cares for all of his students. His class was so interesting. It is a lot of work, but if you do the homework you will get an easy A.
                
                   There are a LOT of assignments. Theyre easy but it gets to be overwhelming. This class is for responsible students, there are many assignments but he'll rarely announce them, check online every night. He's very sweet though and really cares about his students. He even bought the entire class tickets to games and concerts.
                
                   Such an awesome teacher! Really cares for what he teaches. There's a lot of easy daily assignments and the essays are mainly personal opinion. It was a very informing class!
                
                   There are a bunch of daily grade assignments online that are easy to keep up with. Two online tests, a couple essays, and a group project. The group project is very interesting and he grades fairly easy. HOSTS program is a major part of your grade, but it is very fun and is a great experience.
                
                   Professor Koebernick is awesome! He truly has had experience and really cares about his students. There are only two tests and they are online, multiple choice, and open notes. There is a lot of online homework for the class but it is mainly busy work. Just do it. It takes five minutes to complete each assignment and the points really add up.
                
                   Good
                
                   
                
                   Ashley Jolly is my favorite professor I've ever had. She made the class so easy and fun, but I still feel like I learned what I needed to from the course. Tests are online and open book, and the questionsanswers are word for word from the book. Would definitely take her again!
                
                   WORST CLASS EVER. The main reason that I took this class was because I would not be in College Station over the summer. I have regretted it since the first day. She is never clear on exactly what she wants from you on your assignments, does not know how to work eCampus, and THERE IS A TON OF GROUP WORK. I will never take her online again.
                
                   Learned a lot- but there is a lot of writing.
                
                   I took Dr. Hammer's "Mentoring the Novice Teacher" course, and I thoroughly enjoyed it. There is reading required, but it's nothing extreme. You also get to watch a couple films and write short papers over them. I gleaned a lot from this course, and it wasn't overwhelming. 
                
                   I took an online course with her, and communication was a bit difficult. However, I'm taking a face-to-face grad course with her now and she is very helpful, friendly, and organized. All-around good prof, really cares about her students.
                
                   I took this class fully online as a May mini. Janet Hammer is AWFUL at responding to emails. She was useless and NOT helpful at all. Reading the text book is mandatory, all of the quiz questions were from the book. I do not recommend Janet Hammers.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   She is very nice and helpful. Able to answer questions and wants the students to get the right information. This class was not necessary to take for me to graduate but I learned a lot about the School. Will take her again very easy class.
                
                   Gundy doesn't care about the students.  She also doesn't care about anything that she is "teaching".  She gives out busy work and then takes about 8 years to grade one paper.  This class was mandatory and it was awful.
                
                   Best professor I have ever had!! Very helpful, kind, and enthusiastic!! Class is fun, and you rarely just sit and listen to a lecture. She always has you working in groups and talking with each other. Very knowledgeable with literature, writing, and many other things. Very willing to help you if needed!
                
                   Overall a good prof. A lot of group projects and you have to add a ton of detail into everything you do. She will ask you questions in the middle of a presentation and she expects you to know the answers.  
                
                   Dr. B is so sweet, helpful, & truly inspirational. Her class is interesting & she made my first year amazing. We went on field trips, hardly had tests, just easy projects & individual assignments that you can make an A on, & she has two parties a year that she invites you to. She LOVES her students & will help you with school & life in general! 
                
                   Dr. Boettcher is such a sweet lady! She really takes the time to talk to you especially regarding elementary school visits. She was always willing to give me advice and prepare me for a career. 
                
                   She teaches a diversity course. Great small class...daily open discussions. This class will help broaden your mind and understand diversity issues that we face in the U.S. I can't recommend the class or the prof ENOUGH!
                
                   I really liked the class, but on the first day I was shocked by her hair...pe prepared for that!!
                
                   She is ver professional. Shes great!
                
                   Very nice teacher and had some really interesting lessons. I enjoyed her class even though I do not plan to teach middle school.
                
                   This course seems to have a broad purpose.  Everything you have learned in other Education classes, you revisit here.  In and out of the textbook, reading online.  Evaluating lesson plans, webbing, etc.  Inconsistent in many ways, but if you keep up with the work, should get an A.
                
                   I am currently in her online class for Middle School Reading.  The assignments seem to be either broad or really random. One unit you have 2 assignments, the next unit you have 8 assignments... and it is never the same idea twice.  In a way it is stressful because it is hard to get to know what the teacher wants.  Otherwise, you're on your toes.
                
                   This was my college adviser. She was difficult to work with and wound up being pretty worthless. I would suggest finding a different adviser within the education department. I extend my deepest sympathies to anyone dealing with her currently.
                