
                   He was definitely one of the best professors I have ever had. His teaching style is ingenues. By attending class and paying attention you will easily be able to make an A on his test,fill in the blank,about 160 questions. Ten years from now I am sure I will still remember what I learned. He showed the meaningfulness of history, making it worthwhile
                
                   He is an amazing prof.  He knows the material inside and out, he knows all the little details that really make Art come alive!   Although, the way he teaches may make you feel like being back in grade school, you will definitely learn the material.
                
                   Dr. Lenfestey is so energetic and fun to listen to that I will probably still remember most of what has taught me 10 years from now. He rocks!!! He even showed us various movie trailers in class because some of the movies had historic references. He is the best professor I have ever encountered.
                
                   This class was the apex of my undergraduate carrer; not only did I enjoy the class, I appreciated his vision as an art historian.  I only had wished he was still teaching at this university.  This man changed my life and I am glad to have had the experience in his classroom.  Thank you good sir!
                
                   great guy! you learn alot but im still questioning alot of his information and its capability to actaully be factual. if you want an easy passing class this is it.
                
                   fast passed, easy to talk to, flexible with making up tests
                
                   what an unbelievable waste of my life this guy was. If you are a Fine Art major you have to take five semesters with this mentally stunted glowing head freak. I got an A in everyone of his classes and had to correct his knowledge of history on a regular basis. This was like going to blues clues three times a week for two and a half years.
                
                   I love this man! He is adorable, hilarious, and an amazing teacher. You have to go to class though! He does not make it mandatory, but he covers alot and if you are in class you will never need to study! had an a all semester
                
                   This class was terrific!  I came away from the class with a firm appreciation for the art of the time periods we covered, and I remember the details of what we learned in class.  Dr. Lenfesty has a witty sense of humor and a genuine desire to help his students succeed.  His methods are unusual for the college setting, but they work.
                
                   Just going to repeat what everybody just said. His class(es) is/are so easy and funny. You do learn some stuff in the class just the basic stuff about a certain piece of work not in-depth which college is all about. The mnemonic devices and other teaching techs he uses are so funny and easy to remember. Lastly, awful speller.
                
                   Dr. Lenfesty is my hero!  His teaching methods might be a little....elementary, but they are extremely entertaining, and definitely recommended!
                
                   this class reminded me of 7th grade.  i dont think he understands that this is college! if you are looking for an easy A, this is the class for you, but dont exect to learn anything!
                
                   I think that the classes are entertaining, and very pleasant. You learn, you dont forget. He teaches in a way that everyone can comprehend, because not everyone learns the same way, and he understands that.
                
                   He teaches as if his class were made up entirely of hung over fratboys, and cheerleaders with an IQ the same as their bra size.  The classes are tedious, filled with nothing but endless repitition of a few facts  If you are a moron you'll like his classes because you can get an A just by showing up.  Everyone else should avoid him.
                
                   i found him very easy and willing to help you if problems arise
                
                   Great teacher tests are somewhat hard but easer if you go to class. She only does tests but she gives a great study guide
                
                   The weekly quiz, discussion, and assignment were super easy and not time consuming. Quizzes and tests are open book, but what makes the tests hard is she pulls from her long lectures. I just never watched them and missed those small % of Q's, did the EC and was fine. Only dreaded thing was one long research paper, but she grades it easy. Take it.
                
                   She is the hardest of all online ARTS 150 professors. Do not take her if you need an easy A class. Way too much work for a very pointless class and subject. 
                
                   You have a weekly discussion with two replies over a chapter. A 20 question quiz and 5 assignments with 3 questions each. Pretty straight forward only three tests and a final. Tests are difficult, but other assignments are easy. Would definitely take again. 
                
                   This class has a lot of work, and I'm willing to bet that other Fine Arts courses are better worth your time, though it wasn't difficult to make an A here. Everything is open textbook, and the quizzes are straight from it. Tests are tough because she draws from her online lectures, which are REALLY long. Don't pay for a print textbook, just online.
                
                   Took this class online and it was awful. Online art history should not be stressful but I think she doesn't realize that we as students do have other classes we are taking, The work load was ridiculous, no reason to have that much homework. DON'T TAKE if you are taking a heavy course load, you will regret it. 
                
                   I really liked this class! Would definitely recommend, but only if you're actually interested in art history- you'll have to study for the tests & there were a lot of people who complained about memorizing (it's a college art history class, what did you expect?)  If you go to class, study for tests, & do the online homework you should be fine. 
                
                   She was great!! The class was interesting and covered a lot of different types of art so there was a lot of work but not unbearable. She responded to my emails almost immediately and was very workable with issues and gave weekly reminders about what was expected each week. She is one of my favorite profs, I would highly recommend!
                
                   I took this class online and it was a mixed experience. There was a LOT of homework. The quizzes are straight out of the textbook, but the tests were harder. She was VERY last minute on posting most of the lectures and does not grade quickly. She didn't respond to one of my emails until a month later. Essay assignments are not communicated well.
                
                   She is great, it is a fun class and you learn to do cute art projects.  Easy tests and she has a warm-up game before you take them.
                
                   SHE IS AWESOME! She is so helpful and fun. The game before the test does rock!
                
                   what can I say&#63;  She is very helpful, fun, and her game before the test rocks!!!!!!!!!
                
                   Dr. Newman is a blast. She's definitely not for someone looking to take a blow off class, but if you keep up on her assignments, study, and actually make an effort...It's really not hard to make an 'A'. She's experienced, knows a ton about art history, and always makes class interesting. I HIGHLY RECCOMEND HER!
                
                   She is so selfish and nothing to learn from her. Only she is doing is just keep showing us presentation and read some of details from book written.It's so terrible class
                
                   All l can say is unless you want to hear people getting yelled at for being late, glancing at their cellphones or talking to their neighbors all semester long and in every single class, then take Newman's class. Extremely rude and insulting to students, borders on being abusive. Previous post is on point as well.
                
                   Unless you are considering art as a major, I would not take this professor. The class consists of looking at slide after slide of art and then taking tests that are harder than they relly need to be.  You will also be required to visit a museum, watch a movie, and read a novel and do a worksheet on each.
                
                   pretty easy class (although i've heard from other students he's the hardest art teacher). takes attendance everyday. as long as you pay attention in class, you will do fine. hes pretty laid back  and the tests are easy. there is one research paper but no other homework.
                
                   What a great class and professor. He was always available for help when needed.  He took the class to various on scene learning experiences (the print shop, a gallery exhibit, etc.) when that would serve better than a text book to learn. Great to have an artist teach art in a real way, not by rote textbook study.
                
                   Best professor/grad student I have ever had. She puts up a hard front, but its only because she is new and believes students should work hard. She believes in what she says, I would quote her any day.
                
                   Great teacher, enthusiastic, helpful, informative.  Class was challenging but rewarding.
                
                   High Strung, cold, treats class like they're in High School
                
                   easy A, def take him.
                
                   Make sure to take notes on the artists and what each piece of art is made from. 
                
                   Her tests are tough, and there is no way around it. Just make sure to study and show up to class. If you study outside of class this is an easy B.
                
                   Dr. Rote is a great professor who I would recommend to anyone. I am taking her class as my fine art credit but many take her class who are art majors. You don't need to pay attention in her class, just make sure you study for the test. She does take attendance and if you don't go she will fail you. Test reviews are posted a week before!
                
                   You're expected to memorize a ridiculous amount of raw information for every test (there's a test every 3 weeks). Most people wouldn't pass if it weren't for the curve that you usually get. But just be warned, these tests are RIDICULOUS and you're expected to know EVERY DETAIL of info about every piece of art (sometimes as many as 50 for each test)
                
                   She really knows her stuff, but she isn't very clear cut. Her tests are hard. If you don't answer pretty much word for word then you wont pass. You have to memorize her test,  it is a written test and there is always an essay. she is a nice person and seems very caring. just study a lot a lot and you might just pass. 
                
                   unorganized. there is no longer SI sessions. if you go to her for help, she doesn't really give you an answer. do out of class reading and memorization is needed. spit out what you read on the review because that the answer she's looking for. 
                
                   She's extremely unorganized and is inconsistent. leaves out important information and then when you ask her about it she will tell you that she assumed that everyone would know what she left out like style of art which is required for tests.   she is not sure what style the art is and asks what we think hard to believe she has her doctrine in art
                
                   She's a super nice lady, and knows what she is talking about. She is for sure willing to help if you need it. I highly recommend  the attendance of the SI sessions. You will have a difficult time passing the tests without them. The test is complete memory, which makes it pretty hard. It gets really hard when you have to remember a time and artist.
                
                   Keeps class somewhat interesting and knows everything about the material. Funny, happy attitude but class is a lot of material. Tests are all memorization. Challenging class, but not because of professor.
                
                   Testing is purely memory based,much writing required.
                
                   Super approachable, but wasn't a huge fan of her lecture bc of how frequently she would get off topic. All her power points are posted on blackboard so you're best bet is to just look them over and read the chapters. Gives a ton of extra credit opportunities. No reason to fail, she's more than willing to help. Test format is mc and short answer.
                
                   Thomas really knows her stuff and provides an excellent foundation for teachers wanting to incorporate the arts with all subjects in their classrooms. She leaves projects open-ended on purpose to see how creative you can be, so be prepared to stretch your creative muscles in this class.
                
                   Her class is easy, but she's not very understanding about absences. If you don't mind going to class everyday you have her then this would be a good art teacher to take. Tests are easy. Text book is expensive but yeah...
                
                   He is adorable but you cant understand anything he says. He laughs at himself and gives essays for extra points but he doesnt teach well at all. He puts pictures from chapters and goes over them but none with words, his accent is horrible. Wouldnt recomened.
                
                   The class is easy as long as you look at the pictures and study the review he gives you. He is hard to understand but a jolly fellow that will give you a laugh.
                
                   Very boring, hard to understand but attendance is mandatory.  If you can't avoid having him I recommend taking your textbook and reading the chapters, its the only thing you really can do.  If you work through the class and study the pictures and artists you'll come out with a B; almost everybody got the same grade on everything.
                
                   Can't understand his talking, he only uses powerpoint to teach, On the powerpoints he use's white text with a very light grey background so that it can't be read ,then he gives you review sheets that have nothing that is on the test i asked him to about this and he just told me to drop the class i would recommend avoiding this professor at all cost
                
                   This class wasn't very fun. It is hard to understand him and he lectures over powerpoints made up of pictures. I don't suggest you take him.
                
                   easy class, not to bad
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   I heard this lady was a nut. Some friends took her and they said they had to do chants and other weird stuff in there. Also during the middle of the semester her cat died and she missed about 3 weeks of class, and their grade suffered because of that.
                
                   Awful teacher. I made an 'A' in her class but learned very little.
                
                   This lady is a NUT!  If you want a show in the middle of uninteresting classes, take this class!
                
                   I LOVE IVANA!! she has so many life experiences!! she's a fascinating person...I would recommend this class to anyone who wants to learn more than just art!!
                
                   No Comments
                
                   If you pay attention in class it is not difficult to make an A. The professor is also super helpful if you need letters of recommendation and is willing to help in any way that she can. I highly recommend this professor! The information she teaches is interesting and she has a vast knowledge or art history! 10/10
                
                   I really learned a lot while taking the honors section of Dr. Stoenescu's art history class. Dr. Stoenescu is very detailed in her lectures, and makes sure to answered whatever questions students may have. Moreover, she is very willing to make her class more of a discussion than a lecture, which I appreciate as a better way to actually learn and un
                
                   Easy A! She gives detailed reviews in class for all of the exams. Even if you don't pay attention in class you can still pass. I never studied for Exams and I got an A! DO NOT BUY BOOKS YOU WILL NOT NEED THEM!! Everything you are tested in is talked about in class and it's super easy and straightforward. Pay attention to her reviews.
                
                   Lectures are clear, grading requirements are not.  When you ask for help or to go to office hours she is VERY rude. Will personally attack you if you ask questions about the grade you receive. Does not give feedback at all. Department overall has better to offer. 
                
                   Fabulous teacher....nice on the eyes if you're a chick. He is so helpful...Wish all the profs were like him!!!
                
                   goes through slides. semi-interesting usually and very very few notes (if any) to take. he posts the info you need for the test online. Tests are easy consisting of online info (flashcard-ish), a few Q's from lecture (if you go to class, they are hard to miss), notes are only good for helping you pay attention.  awake in class + flashcards = eas
                
                   His class is so interesting and he really knows what he's talking about...plus he's sexy
                