
                   This professor changes the rules to suit her ! If you are a woman of color any color other than white please avoid this professor ! She doesn't have her PHD in anything and has short man syndrome! She is mean condescending and flat out treats her students like they are beneath her.  Avoid this professor ! 
                
                   No professor is successful by being condescending and dismissive. This professor not only lacks interest in her students, but fails to follow the text. Her instructions are vague. I've never seen so many students drop a graduate level course
                
                   Guidelines and expectations are not clear. Grades are not provided timely. The day I took my final exam, I was still missing three grades for assignments completed over a month ago. Horrible communication with online students. Very rude and abrubt and seems to have no interest in truley teaching us anything.
                
                   She lectures for all of class, every class.  Her tests are based off of both the material she covers in class and the material from the book she doesn't have time to get to during lecture. The study guides she provides are an accurate representation of what will be on the test.  Reading + Studying = Success
                
                   Welcome to university study folks!  I have had every class she teaches with exception of one.  Yes she is demanding, yes she uses socratic method in class and yes she is a great professor. If you do not read you will not make it, do the work and you will be fine.  She is willing to help students in any way she can. Cares about her students success.
                
                   Very tough, and teaches all classes as if they were all JD classes!
                
                   Teaches all her classes as though they were law school courses.  Very unapproachable and blunt.  If you can avoid her, do so.
                
                   Very hard grader for her freshman courses it is ridiculous.
                
                   A very petty and ineffective educator. Cares more for her opinion and pride than the education of her students. She does not follow grading criteria that she makes. Does not look at papers for academic value but whether or not she agrees with them
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Dr. Coleman is a decent teacher not too demanding, however she gives off the feeling that she hates her students. NOT A GOOD ACADEMIC ADVISOR. As far as classes go, if you pay attention and read the text, you'll do wonderfully.
                
                   ONLINE CLASS- this was great class, very interesting but easy enough to get done in allotted time. Smith is a very fair grader and is clear on what she wants from each assignment. Take this class if it'll count in your degree somewhere and you need to balance out some harder classes. I could do all assignments for the week in a couple of hours.
                
                   This guy is pretty good! Although he does wonder off a little  he does bring it back to the point and it all ends up making sense. The tests are pretty easy, he gives you the study guide with very similar questions. Overall a great professor and very laid back!
                
                   Have taken several courses with this professor, he's the  most helpful professor I've had on this campus. I recommend his classes anyday. We have quizzes online and the tests are made from those, and exams were online, with the final being in-class. I've had one paper for each class, but it was only about 2-3 pages total.
                
                   Schlager will do her hardest to get the best out of your work that she possibly can. Each homework assignment is designed for a purpose, and there is no busy work in this class. Go to class, skim the book and you will do fine.
                
                   Professor Schlager is by far one of the most hard teachers I have ever taken, she is a good teacher though. I learned alot from each and everyone of her classes, I enjoyed her class very much and hope her the best in her career.
                
                   
                
                   I have had her for MANY classes and she is by far my favorite teacher in the CJ department on this campus. She is hard, but when you leave her class you will have learned something. She makes her classes fun, she is entertaining, and she is also straight forward and to the point. GREAT Teacher!!!
                
                   Wonderful teacher, hard but you will learn something from her class. If you don't undertand something she is always available and responds quick to emails. A very wonderful teacher.
                
                   Fall 2014 was the first time she taught a class, although she hasn't taught a class before she did have good understanding on the material. She is a probation officer. Her tests are extremely easy if you use her study guide! and she's an easy grader on her papers. I received a 100 in the class, would take her again and recommend her to anyone. 
                
                   Dr. Ferrerya is a challenge but once you understand his teaching method, he is a great professor. His accent is a little tough to understand, he's a lawyer from Mexico, but extremely educated. He likes class participation and I suggest going to the writing center for assistance on the 4 papers you write for him. He offers plenty of extra credit too
                
                   Dr. Jarrell is a professor that is passionate about the subject of criminal justice. She makes herself available to any of her students when you need clarification on the materials or assignments. Make sure to study for her test. Moreover, make sure to ask her for advise for your rough draft for the research proposal.
                
                   She is an excellent professor with a drive to help her students succeed. I really learned a lot from her!
                
                   LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE HER!!!! One of the best teachers I have ever had. She really cares about her students that's what makes her great. She is still helping me and I already graduated. Take Her!!!
                
                   Dr.Jarrell is awesome!!! She is so knowledgable it's unbelievable, her public speaking skills are outstanding, she is hilarious,and you can tell she works hard for her students go to class and you will do well. She is also very good looking.
                
                   Great professor. Funny, relaxed, would def. take her class again
                
                   Loved her. She made the class great. Willtake from her again. Go to class and you will do well
                
                   The best criminal justice beginner instructor. She was always energetic, or she expressed what she was feeling. If you listen and participate in class, you will get an A+.
                
                   Dr. Jarrell is a very intelligent professor. She enjoys her job and trys to make it interesting for her students. I have taken her for Criminology, Women and Criminal Justice, and Research Methods. Although her test are challenging, you will learn a lot from her classes. She is also a great football player.
                
                   Dr. McClellan is a great professor with tons of experience. I didn't like her methods at first, but she grows on you. Her test are easy if you review her PowerPoints and review her study guides. She has extremely interesting stories during her lectures. She doesn't tolerate absences or cell phone use during class. She brings lots of guest speakers!
                
                   Took her for American Prisons & Prisoners. She KNOWS her stuff and has had a lot of interesting experience. Pretty easy class and always had guest speakers. ( gang unit detectives, hostage negotiator, attorney, etc.) Learned a lot in this class.
                
                   I took Dr. McClellan for many classes in the mid to late 90's.  She really challenged me.  I didn't like it at the time, but I learned so much from her.  I am still able to use my education in my career.  Thanks Dr. McClellan.
                
                   Very nice lady easy class. She calls out people coming in late and who use their phone in class
                
                   She is very nice and sincere and easy to approach and talk to. Sometimes her teachings are disorganized and tends to teaches from her heart and feelings not so much on the books or readings. Just make sure that you read or at least scan through the readings because it is on the exams. Also the exam reviews are helpful and she usually offers extra credit if you need it.
                
                   She's easy, just really unorganized.  Sweet and compassionate lady.  She grades papers harder than you think though!
                
                   Dr. Moore is seriously one the best professors I've had! He can be an ass but he is seriously a great professor he keeps things fun!!
                
                   Probably the most arrogant, bigoted, least helpful professor I've ever had. The first day of class he announced he was just here to give us our tests, he really doesn't care about learning at all. His lectures are unorganized and messy, and his reviews are completely unhelpful. He likes to test on things he's never taught too. Avoid his classes.
                
                   Everyone who I knew who was a criminal justice major told me to take moore for every class I could. I have no idea why. He is rude and ignorant. He often throws sissy fits and believes he is the smartest man in the world. his lectures are dry and will leave you more confused then you were going into the course. 
                
                   Great professor, one of the best.  Made class very interesting and never boring.  Dr. Moore is very intelligent and can turn anything into a lesson, for those students who stray away from topic.  Tests are not difficult if you study.  Would definately take him again. 
                
                   I highly recommend taking a class with Dr. Moore.  He's very intelligent and makes the class enjoyable and entertaining, regardless of the boring and potentially hard-to-grasp subject matter.  He has a unique sense of humor and is refreshingly blunt.  Most of your grade will come from multiple-choice tests, and he offers extra credit.
                
                   Professor Moore is a fair guy. He cares about students learning and understanding the material in his courses. His test are easy only if you study the material. Professor Moore is an outspoken man. He has very candid responses to questions. I recommend anyone to take his courses.
                
                   Moore is a great teacher.  A lot of what he says has meaning and he just makes the class worth going to.  Take him and I assure you will laugh and learn in his class...
                
                   Excellent teacher!! Very knowledgeable and funny. He does tease, but in good fun. Teaches law, but also shares life lessons. He may never know how much he has helped me by sharing... many times he has said something that I needed to hear. Helpful when you ask, but won't baby you. Fair. Truly cares about his students. An asset to TAMUCC.
                
                   He gives out gum in class and gives HUGE curves on some of his tests. Also very intelligent and, if you ask of it, he'll help you. But he won't keep tabs on what you're doing.
                
                   Dr. Moore is such a character. He goes off on tangents A LOT but he does know his stuff. If you are easily insulted, I would stay away from him. But if you don't mind a little honest teasing, you will love taking his course. I have learned so much from him and his course and I have never even touched the textbook.
                
                   He is one of the best professor A&M ever offere. Extremely intelligent (trained at Harvard and Oxford)  and vastly knowledgeable about the subject he teaches. Always invested in his students by providing advise and guidance, the law school seed was planted in my mind taking all his classes.
                
                   Took several classes back in the late 90's and still remember Moore.  Nice man, could be arrogant with some students.  Prof Moore was one of those few professors we are lucky who influence our lives through our educational careers.  He encouraged me and probably doesn't know the positive impact he had on my life. Listen and learn.
                
                   Dr. Moore does not put you to sleep, he makes you laugh. He tell you what you need to know, does not sugarcoat anything, and makes learning simpler
                
                   I highly recommend Professor Moore to any undergraduate. I am currently in my second year of law school at St.Mary's and I was highly motivated and encouraged by him.
                
                   Is one of the best professors that I have ever had in my criminal justice training. Would take any courses he teaches in a second.
                
                   A great professor, very interesting and intelligent. He has a great sense of humor, just hope you are not offended easily. I have never been bored in any of his classes and I think that everyone should have him. I don't think you will regret it, but if you are constantly late to classes you might want to change your habits.
                
                   My favorite TAMU-CC professor, by far.
                
                   I took ever class I could with Prof Moore. He was an amazing advisor &amp; professor.
                
                   good teacher, just go to class and pay attention, everything that he says in class is on the test
                
                   I have taken almost all of the classes he teaches and he is one of my favorite teachers.
                
                   Dr. Rhoades is a very intelligent professor that teaches numerous police related courses. His papers are intense. However, he is willing to review your rough drafts and provide feedback. Dr. Rohades is very approachable and is willing to provide advice when needed. He is one of the best instructors that I have ever had.
                
                   A good professor overall. He has had quite a bit of experience in his life and knows what he is talking about. His tests are not that bad, just study the info on the study guide. Make sure that you invest plenty of time in you papers/projects. Very approachable.
                
                   He's not that bad of a professor. He is very easy to talk to, more than willing to help you. He does make you right a pretty intense paper, but if you take the time to research it, it is not that bad. I have had him for a few classes and gone to his office for guidence. He is a smart man and more than willing to help you with contacts for jobs and gives advice on future careers using his past experiences.
                
                   His tests aren't too bad.. He gives you a study guide.  His papers are the killers though.  You have to write papers in all of his classes except for criminal investigation, and he expects way too much in the manner of APA style.
                
                   He doesn't grade by the quality of the content of your paper but rather on technical aspects of new APA writing style which is not taught at the University
                
                   This is the 3rd course I have taken with Dr. Welch and I am signed up for another this Spring. I love this professor. She is extremely helpful but also challenging. If you are looking for an easy A, don't hit her up. You earn your grade. Despite the challenging curriculum, I like taking courses with her.
                
                   She is very nice, but NEVER take her for more than one class a semester. She has journals, quizzes and tons of reading to do. Plus she asks you to buy several books for the class not just one.
                
                   Awsome teacher!  She kept the class fun and interesting.  The class is very easy if you just keep up with the reading assignments.  If you want a class that you will look back to at the end of the semester and say &quot;I'm really glad I took this class,&quot;...then take this one!
                
                   Fall 2008- Teacher just read off of power points... boring but she was easy. Have one project but she gave everyone and A. Just read her reviews online and you should do well. I made a B. Good luck!
                
                   I found Dr. Welch to be very helpful, clear and reasonable.  She seemed a bit disorganized, due dates kept changing and I never knew when something was still assigned or not or when it was due but otherwise a great class.
                
                   I learned a lot from his class and plan on taking him again.  He has also published in his field and has great insights.  I would highly recommend taking his classes.
                
                   Teaches at a high level which is unusual for this college.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Professor Peck is intersting, nice, and has lots of good information.  I learned from his class. Thank you, Dr. Peck!
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Very easy just go to class,listen and participate.He calls on people so dont fall a sleep, very interesting class . He has 3 take home test and an essay easy A
                
                   Dr. Okereke made learning the material interesting and fun.  His theoretical knowledge helped frame the information for me.
                
                   Great teacher. Very interested in students acheivment. Study the handouts and chapters easy test. Does not require long papers. Makes you think out of the box. A wonderful person.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   not easy class , so hard exams :( ,
                
                   Attendance not mandatory but would help. This was a traditional style class and his test were straight from the book. You are left alone for review and his test are hard. 5-7 page article review that he prepares you for throughout the semester.  Article review takes the place of final exam and it is take home. only 3 exams and paper
                
                   I give him a thumbs up! He listens to students, and takes our opinions into consideration (but doesn't go along with everything)so he has a good balance as far as grading and tests. Just do the work because you can't pass with doing just the minimum.
                
                   He is so nice but his tests are hard! Great sense of humor, very personable, but I just wish the exams were not so tricky and difficult. I would take him again anyway because his classes are enjoyable and you will learn a lot...if you can keep up.
                
                   Do not take him.  Everyone scored lower than me on average and posts means most of the students failed worked very hard and still did not do well.  My suggestion is that you do not take his class.
                
                   Dr. Frantzen is the best proffessor I have taken at A&M.This is an on-line class.It is not boring because he has various types of assignments.Test are directly from information in the text so there are no surprises.
                
                   I took him for several classes and I would say he is the best professor on campus for crim. He is always available during office hours and challenges his students but wants them to succeed!! You do have to apply yourself and study for tests but if I could have I would have taken all my classes with him. Follows syllabus and always has the same class format. Very consistent unlike many other professors.
                
                   I didn't have a great experience with Dr. Frantzen. He's a cool guy, but thats not the point. i remember the whole class was on the verge of failing. the class was always frustrated. tests are pretty good, but the research proposal is horrible. ask friends for help cuz he doesn't explain it very well. u understand it when the sem. is over
                
                   Great teacher.  You are not required to come to class daily, but he does do random group work for extra credit points.  Tests are pretty mcuh over the review that he gives, with two essay questions included.  He will add an additional essay question the day of the test. Dr. Frantzen makes the class fun to attend. Would definately take him again.
                
                   Great professor! I had him last semester and all our pop quizzes were done in groups which is so AWESOME! His tests are pretty easy if you do the study guide!! I would recommend him to anyone!!!
                
                   Hands down the best prof. on campus!! Actually best prof. I have had. He is awesome and keeps you interested..as long as you read and show up for lectures you will do fine. You have to write a term paper but if you need help he goes above and beyond to make sure you understand.
                
                   Dr.Frantzen was the best prof. I have had thus far. He keeps you interested in the material and does not judge you for your views like many prof. do. You do have to show up for quiz grades test are resonable just use study guide. Essay quesions on every test. Overall AWESOME professor!
                
                   GREAT PROF. CLASS IS NOT HARD, YOU JUST HAVE TO SHOW UP AND READ YOUR BOOK. HELPS THAT HE'S NOT BAD TO LOOK AT EITHER :)
                
                   Dr. Frantzen is a very knowledgeable professor. He is easy to listen to and easy to learn from. Come to class to take his quizzes to give your grade that extra edge. He gives great study guides so you have no excuse to fail. Make sure you read!
                
                   Great teacher! Not boring like most teachers. He's an easy B, but for an A you have to attend for the pop quizzes. Pop quizzes usually consist of group work or take home assignments. He gives 25 multiple choice questions per exam and gives out the essay about 2 days before the exam. He teaches both SOCI and CRIM classes.
                
                   Professor Lopezieo is a great instructor.  He has a great sense of humor.  He treats everyone equally and works with anyone who is encountering problems that are affecting or relating to them in class.  You will learn and be glad you took him as an instructor.  I highly recommend him!!
                
                   Mr. Lopezio is a great instructor.  Ask as many questions as possible he helps out. Show up for class, if you dont your grade is affected. Take him, you wont regret it.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   I took this course online and am very disappointed in everything about his teaching. His discussions are unclear and he almost degrades you on your responses rather than help you. Just an example of how he is, I accumulated a score of 239.70 in his course. You must have 240 for a B. I asked for extra credit to make up the .3 pts and he denied it. 
                
                   Very difficult to understand. Discussion comments come across as rude and confusing. Typically good discussion prompts but the communication back and forth is very difficult and usually discouraging. May be better in person, but online he is difficult to work with.  Interesting course work though, just wish there was more clarity and positivity
                
                   I am currently taking my 3rd online class from this professor.   His weekly discussion boards are interesting as they challenge you to think outside the box with an understanding that sometimes there are many different possible answers.   Complete the readings, actively respond to the weekly discussions and rely on your textbook for testing.
                
                   His grammar and spelling are absolutely terrible in this online class. This makes his discussion prompts and replies very difficult to read/understand. He is often quite condescending in his replies and grading as well. I have never disliked an online class as much as I dislike this one. 
                
                   Instructor is hard to understand, tests have poor sentence structure, so the questions are diffcult to figure out.  You better know the WEBct at least half the work is there, but the lecture or group chats wonder way off subject to the point of being a waste of time.  Extra credit was received by a chosen few students.  Biggest barrior-language.
                
                   He is an extremely intelligent professor. I enjoyed and presently enjoy taking Dr. Lin. He is always willing to help his students.
                
                   Dr. Lin is kind of hard to understand at times, but always has notes to go along with his lectures which helps clarify.  He is always willing to answer questions even if it is to clarify something he has said.
                
                   He is difficult to understand and hard to follow. At kingsville you don have a choice if your a pysc major. Please read your chapters
                
                   Very smart man but very hard to understand-major drawback.
                
                   Terrible instructor. Incredibly hard and inconsiderate. Showed up everyday, studied hard, did the work, found that the tests were impossible to pass. Most of the questions are based on opinion, and not from the book. She doesn't teach, but simply reads verbatim what's off the powerpoints. Haven't learned anything new.
                
                   She is very uptight about attendance.She is nice but can have weird mood swings. I haven't learned much about if anything about government but the class has been fun. She talks, you take notes, and occassionaly get projects.
                
                   I would not highly recomnend this instructor, because she adds more than she suppose too. The book A Civil Action. What does that class has to do with us I don;t really care the book itself is so boring and difficult to understand and about 500 hundred page to read.She will keep you bussy al semester long. If not for I would not recoment her at all
                
                   Ms. Muggill has a different style of teaching but what you leave with is so much knowledge.  She works you hard and you learn so much, she has a true desire to see her students learn and is available should you have questions or concerns.  She reminds you that you are college students and expects you to apply yourself.  You will enjoy her classes.
                
                   This professor's professionalism and dedication to educating and increasing awareness of the subject matter- in this case Victimology is excellent!  The relaxed atmosphere gives you the ability to  ask questions and his sense of humor adds to the positive atmosphere in the class.  Easy to recall the concepts with repetition and class interaction. 
                
                   Great Professor and I try to take him for all my courses when possible.
                
                   Simply put, if you read over the material the professor asks and integrate the specifics he clearly points out into your writings you will do good in that portion of the class. The test are easy, he literally gives you the information and answer to the test before hand and you have a week to prepare in advance. If u cant pass this class. shame on u
                
                   as long as you do your homework you will pass,     and he gave only 2 exams
                
                   Violence, he's funny and keeps lecture interesting. Two exams, 1 paper and a final. He really sets you up for success. I would take him again. You really dont need the book because his lecture slides are fantastic! 
                
                   He is very nice and very helpful.  Really cares about his students.  He even helps students who are not taking his class.  I took him twice.  He keeps it interesting and you learn a lot. 
                
                   Amazing Professor gives you all the questions on the exams in class for the review. This was a hybrid course very easy. Has tons of stories to tell since he was a warden. must take if CRIM major. taking all of his classes if he teaches them.
                
                   Amazing Proffesor gives you all the questions on the exams in class for the review. This was a hybrid course very easy. Has tons of stories to tell since he was a warden. must take if CRIM major. taking all of his classes if he teaches them.
                
                   Proctor is a very easy professor and very easy going as well, this is my first semester at A&M and he was definitely my favorite, took him for victimology and he is VERY knowledgeable since he was an actual warden he has a lot of information about the subject and makes it very interesting, hes very nice too! make sure to do the paper and take notes
                
                   Simple A, had him for CRIM 3350 as well. Straightforward, clear and helpful. I chose to attend but not mandatory. Doesn't believe in textbooks, instead he has power-points. But you really just need the review, it's literally what the test will be, even the order. Has four 2pg. summaries, easy just follow APA, ask and he'll give you pointers.
                
                   I really enjoyed his class. If you don't understand something, he will take the time to explain it,and then give you examples so that it is clear. Then, he will make sure you understood before he moves on. Gives good reviews, but make sure you pay attention to the paper, it's worth a lot of points!
                
                   Great Teacher, his knowledge was outstanding.  Recommend to take his classes.
                
                   Great Teacher knows his stuff. Learn his leacture and Slides and it make the test easy. Going to class is a must.
                
                   As long as you attend class, do the paper and study his powerpoint presentations for the test you cannot fail.
                
                   He is the easiest teacher I have taken at A&M. He lectures right off powerpoint presentations. The exams are multiple choice, he does review for the exams. He does require a term paper but its easy. I highly recommend him for any class he may teach
                
                   She is an awesome professor!! I would definitely take her again!  As long as you read you will do good on the exams.  She will give you a review too.  Exams will are easy as long as you read the chapters!  I enjoyed her lectures.  She makes it very interesting.
                
                   She is a wonderful professor!!! Very well organized!! If you take notes on what she lectures in class you will definitely do good in her class.  She cares about her students and she has a wonderful attitude!!! 
                
                   Dr. Rowe's class was very interesting.  Most important thing is to read the book- the questions from the quiz and tests are directly from it.  She gives alot of tutorial items to review if you still do not understand the work, and if you still don't, you can always email her.  Easy class, easy A!
                
                   Prof makes class very interesting with real life examples from her experience working in CJ system, current events in news, and podcasts featuring policymakers presenting recent cutting edge research.  Her passion for the subject makes class enjoyable.  Reading before class & participating are expected, but book is very readable.
                
                   Genuinely cares about students' learning.  Sets clear expectations. Makes the material interesting with lots of examples & hands on exercises. Not hard for those who study consistently each week.  Be sure to read book before class so you are prepared to apply the material during class.
                
                   One of best professors I’ve had.  Really knows this subject and makes the class interesting by bringing in current events.  Class is discussion based so you need to read before class.  Not a class you can coast through, but you learn a lot and the subject is interesting.
                
                   Great prof. who cares about your learning.  Lectures are engaging. Lots of interaction and group work to practice.  Reading the book and taking notes are a must.  She gives lots of guidance about what you need to know through group exercises, questions to take notes on while you read, etc.   Not a class for slackers, but you learn a lot.
                
                   terrible instructor. not very clear and confusing. no review on tests. choose another instructor
                
                   Her tests are difficult. Reading the chapters is a must. Must take notes, because what she says will be on the test. If you are looking for an easy A, I do not recommend her. You have to really work hard for your grade.
                
                   Ms. Willingham is a great professor! Her class discussions are very helpful in understanding the material and you hardly use the book.  Just do the work, it's a great class and an easy A!
                
                   Took him for Gangs & Gang Violence. Fairly easy, you just have to make sure to take notes and study the review. His reviews are pretty much what the test will be. I just did that and ended up with an A.  Didn't take up too much of my time or effort, which was good with 5 other classes. Would take him again.
                
                   His a nice prof. but is not an easy class his tests are hard but he gives good reviews & his bonus questions are funny. Study his lecture notes & you will be fine. I took him in the summer and got a &quot;B&quot;.
                
                   Great professor! Very clear about what he wants. Outlines for notes are available so you take notes on the important stuff. Even kinda funny. Good choice, no doubt.
                
                   Dr White is very clear about tests, does offer extra credit however you should be versed in writing APA research style papers. (never use the 1st or 2nd person in papers you turn in to him)He has a very interesting view and is knowledge in Marxian theories (this seems to be rare) Take him for a different perspective. He is fascinating.
                
                   Good prof. as long as you show up and take notes you should be fine..if you study notes you will pass the test. He is clear on what he will test you over.
                
                   He is a great professor.  He is not hard at all if you read the word list he gives you before exams.  He is very good at explaining things more than once.  I will take more classes with him if I could.  He drops your lowest grade, and counts your highest twice, and believe me, that helps!!!
                
                   Not very clear on work assigned, but if you read the text you should be ok.
                
                   Do reaction comments every night after class. He expects three sentences. Assigns a few essay exams that have one/two questions. Gives you the questions in advance. Allows students to ask questions about the exam questions to clarify. Take notes, read the chapters before class for discussions or don't come
                
                   Read your chapters and come to class prepared. There is nothing worse than attempting to have a class discussion with people who haven't bothered to read 1 chapter. Read the chapters, do your reaction comments every night (1-3 sentences is enough), and ask questions about exactly what he is looking for on essay exams and you will pass with an A+
                
                   I found this professor to be very helpful and generally very approachable. I feel like he kept lectures interesting and stayed  neutral in what can be a controversial topic (religious studies) for students. Exams were simple and easy. 
                
                   Good teacher, Write good notes(even the small stuff) and study key words in text and you will do fine.
                
                   Very bad professor, does not help at all and never uses stuff he says in class to use on test... Overall should not be teaching .
                
                   Thank god for the textbook. I didn't learn anything in this CJ Statistics class. The professor was MIA for most of the semester(Note this was Fall 2012). Try to avoid this professor if possible.
                
                   I enjoyed the extra 20 hours of community service
                
                   Professor Griffis is great! If there is anything you don't understand he takes the time to explain it. He is very understanding with work, it is very important to show up for class.  There is two tests a midterm and  final, if you pay attention to the lectures, and take notes on the things he reviews, you will do good. You just have to try.
                
                   Awesome teacher. Lots of papers.  Pay attention to grammer.
                
                   I took her online class and it was horrible. She waits to the end of semester to grade, so you don't know your progress. She assigned community work/volunteer. I asked for help because I could not do it and she said not to do it, still took my point for it which caused me to get a C instead of A. Overall not a very helpful professor and she's tough
                
                   I took the online class and she was horrible some of the assignment due dates in the syllabus did not match the due dates on blackboard. she waits to grade at end of semester. Be ready to write and she is a tough grader. Overall I do not recommend taking any online classes with her, truly horrible experience.
                
                   I've taken Mrs. Greenwood four times. She's an absolute great professor. 
                
                   Senior Seminar is a writing intensive course, so be prepared to write a ton of papers. The good news is there is no book &  you can get the course done early as the entire course is outlined. So a month of hard work and keeping up with discussion boards is all you need to do. The focus on english and proper citation is like gospel in this class.
                
                   Took her Online Penology Class. I was the last rater before fyi... This class was so much better than Online CJ Research. It was easier to comprehend and maintain material. The only bad part was her critique/criticisms of student's blackboard responses. Yet, this was done as a whole, no one was singled out individually.
                
                   Methods of Criminal Justice Research is an interesting class. Didn't really use the textbook much...but the online course was very structured and you know what the expectations were well ahead of time. She did well the first half of the semester grading things within a few days of turning them in... and then she only got on if there were "issues."
                
                   She is nice, cool, and patient. I would take every class with her if given the chance. She WANTS you to pass, so she makes it so that you can.
                
                   She is awesome! She is very interesting. I learned a lot from her. She requires a paper at the end of the semester and if you turn it in early she will make the corrections for you and let you turn it in again.
                
                   She is an awesome teacher. Her classes are super easy and she puts everything out on the table. If I could have her for every class I would have straight A's.
                
                   Mrs. Greenwood rocks!
                
                   really like this teacher,very down to earth and funny as well
                
                   Great teacher!
                
                   For the most part the class is easy, once you fig out her style.  Whats differant is she does not use BB you have to email the homework to her. Once you fig that out its very clear cut and dry. She is a tough grader but fair. Just do the work, and she is very flexiable if you turn something in late. 
                
                   Pay for the class and teach your self. Two exams. Very tough grader! Would not recommend if youre wanting to maintain a high gpa
                
                   Grant was not helpful whatsoever. She was terrible at helping, she was not understanding. This is the first class that I have not received an A in, and I did all the work but it was never good enough for her. She seemed to think she was teaching a grad level class instead of undergrad level class. Never taking again, I do not recommend her!
                
                   DO NOT TAKE! Horrible Teacher Took online,lots of reading of course. 1 DB, 2 replies, 1 quiz each week. Homework during spring break. Tests bounce all over chapters covered and answers are vague. Huge PowerPoint project. Hope u know PP!  No consideration compassion or allotment by instructor for legitimate, documented emergencies. Find alt teacher.
                
                   I'm taking her online and it seems like a lot of work.  We have a quiz every week, a discussion board post(in APA 6th edition), and have to answer 2 student's discussion board posts.  Her tests do come from the book, but she skips around, its not chapter by chapter. We also have an 8 page paper to do.
                
                   Took her online class and it was pretty easy. Test material comes directly from the book. Reponds in a timely matter and clear on what is required to pass.
                
                   Excellent Professor, respond any question that I had in prompt manner. Very professional and organized. I recommend her online classes are very interesting! only thing strict with the schedule
                
                   She is very hard. I took her online class and she made us do way to much bust work! Shes not cool at all
                
                   Easy class. A midterm, final, and 1 writing assignment. A discussion post is due every week. Take her classes! informative and great for those with a busy schedule. You don't even need the book.
                
                   Criminal Evidence was a good class. It was a solid review from previous required coursework taken as the Associates Degree level, but still a very informative class. I recommend this professor and hope to take this professor soon for another topic!
                
                   Professor Oliver is great and structured. Very active online instructor & everything is graded within a day or two. He only gives a midterm and final, but gives a in dept review of each chapter with dozens of test questions. Answer them ahead of time and you will be fine. Take his classes if you have a chance.
                
                   She is a Visiting Assistant Professor that demands more of her class than she teaches. No electronic devices, you will have to purchase all books and will probably not use them at all. She will not accept book answers, only her definition will count. Take off 5 points for missing one word. Will not leave her seat read power point slides all day.
                
                   Professor Taylor does not comprehend that this is an undergraduate class and not a graduate level course. She is not clear in her instructions and makes you work for your grade. She is not someone I would recommend taking, there are much better professors that actually help you understand the subject. She just reads over her power point slides.
                
                   Tiefenwerth's classes are very interesting. I've take Criminal Sexuality and Forensic Psychology with him and while they are tough, you do learn a lot and they are very interesting. Expect to work for your grade and expect a 12 page paper with the topic of your choosing. As long as you do what he asks, you'll get the grade you want.
                
                   Psychology of the Criminal Mind... tough class. You will love it though if you are interested in this particular subject. Test are tough, there is no review for any of them, you are not allowed to go back or skip questions and go back to them. Youll only get about 1.5mins per question
                
                   Worst teacher I have ever taken. No help and no guidance on test.
                
                   Gave 75 min for a 60 ? test. Provides no study guide, assistance, and penalized me for taking a test earlier by keeping a BB recorded grade although BB was experiencing difficulties. Took 2 weeks to get in touch w/ him and when we finally spoke he was very patronizing. There are professors that are more conducive to student success .
                
                   The material for the class was hard to understand but the professor made it worst. Assignments were given at the last minute with inconsistent due dates. The teacher didn't give the Final until after the class was officially over with the school and he gave us 2 days to do 4 essay questions. Emails were not responded to for long periods of time.
                
                   This class was really fun and informative. Professor Scott is VERY clear on what you need to do in order to pass.  There's definitely a lot of reading required if you want an A, but if you actually study the book it's pretty easy.  The tests are heavily reliant on your note-taking as well, so get ready to write too.
                
                   Dr. Worley is, hands-down, one of the best teachers at TAMUCT. He engages the students and encourages us to succeed. I made an A+ Thanks Dr. Worley
                
                   Graded assignments within 48 hours and gave feedback. Replied to all emails within 12-24 hours (normally 1-2). Made all assignments interesting for the entire class. Tests came from the slideshows and book, no suprises!
                
                   Expect to live out of the book. Learn the material as it will help to write the discussions. if you don't like to write do not take this course, it is very writing intensive. Go above and beyond what is expected in the syllabus. if you do the minimum you will receive low scores. 
                
                   Pratt was a good professor and he expects college level writing from his students. DO NOT do the minimal for the discussions. He wants to make sure you understand the material. Overall great class not to hard just a lot of reading and discussions. This class is not for the lazy. I would take him again because I learned a lot from this class. 
                
                   You will again live out of your textbook and be using the internet to help comprehend what you are reading. Mr. Pratt is a very tough professor. Very Tough! Yet he is very fair, understanding, and beyond helpful. Just go way above and beyond in your postings for discussion boards and you should be fine. Being long winded will help you.
                
                   You will live out of the textbooks for CJ Ethics. This is nothing like a real Police Ethics class, as you are studying more of a philosophically centered course taught by this professor. Just saw next semester is taught by another professor and makes me wish I would have so much waited to see if that one was anymore relevant or easier to CJ!!!
                
                   I really enjoyed professor Piechocki and learned a lot, he has a lot of experince and is willing to share with class Gives a lot of Homework from the book  no-one fails the homework assignments , answers are your opinion.  All test were taken online. 1 minute for each question. Study the Learning Objectives and you will pass each test easily. 
                
                   Basically if you will fail mid-term and final but don't worry everyone does. Then he curves and everyone pass . 
                
                   I have taken him for several classes. Participate in discussion boards and you are good to go!
                
                   The White Collar Crime course was very easy with only discussion boards and a midterm to keep up with. Take this class for a easy elective. The professor was a big help and does all he can to assist you in anyway. s
                
                   He's extremely rude & condescending.  Never replies to messages & goes above & beyond to ignore students. He contradicts himself constantly on his syllabus. Changes the problem but never responds to us & gives us zeros for his mistake. He is never involved & seems to want to be an English teacher instead of   CJ.
                
                   C J Supervision & Management was okay in regards to the discussion boards but were graded more on grammar instead of content. He only offers two test,a Midterm and Final. The reviews were pretty useless in that he gives VERY vague information and the tests were very, very open to interpretation because of multiple answers. He does give a curve.
                
                   Don't take this professor if you want to learn anything. He does not participate in online class and would rather be an English professor than CJ.
                
                   Worst CJ class Iâ??ve ever taken and Iâ??m an honors CJ senior. Professor doesnâ??t participate in on-line class, nor does he grade anything until last week of class. No review for test, 50 questions in 50 minutes.
                
                   I did not agree with previous ratings, I thought was an awesome instructor, I had a lot of fun in his class
                
                   This guy does not grade you on your actual performance. He shows favoritism towards women in class and anyone that does not disagree with him in my opinion. His tests are hard in the fact that much did not come from lecture.
                
                   NOT CLEAR ON WHAT TO STUDY FOR TESTS!       BEATS AROUND THE BUSH ALOT!!
                
                   Assignments are turned in almost 3 weeks before she grades you with a "0" Zero, for a discussion. BB messages go around from students about their essays "Did anyone else get a zero". Yes , all the effort you put into a paper, it's like you didn't even submit one because she gives Zero's Proudly.
                
                   She is very arrogant, confusing,does not answer students questions, take her time grading papers not helpful it's like she competes with students for grade  gives zero 0 in discussion papers which are your own opinions take her at your OWN RISK.
                
                   Great Professor, responds to email quick. You have 5 writing assignments that are given to you from day 1 so you know when its due and what to write about. The test are a piece of cake  he gives you a review by PowerPoint (voice) no slides you just hear his voice. Super easy class will take again!!!
                
                   Chapter summaries. Four tests that he gives answers to. A presentation, and a presentation paper. Easy A. Do not procrastinate on chapter summaries.
                
                   easy professor! a must take for an easy A!
                
                   great professor, I'm taking him again this semester. Class was a hybrid class & the book was online, which made it hard to read, but he uploads PowerPoint slides. Chapter summaries due the week before tests & the reviews are the tests word for work. If you do the summaries & come to review, you'll get an A.
                
                   He is very easy teacher. Does the reviews before the test.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   HE IS A WONDERFUL TEACHER!  HE IS CLEAR, AND STRAIGHT FORWARD.  HE GIVES GREAT REVIEWS AND IF YOU PUT A LITTLE EFFORT INTO THE CLASS YOU CAN PASS WITH AN A.  I HAVE TAKEN 4 OF MY LAST CLASSES WITH HIM AND AM DISAPPOINTED THIS NEXT SEMESTER HE'S NOT TEACHING ANYTHING NEW.
                
                   She is very knowledgable and engages her students without making them feel uncomfortable.  She is one of my favorite professors at A&M.  Professional and helpful.  You must show up to class!  She give reviews before exams.  Thumbs up!  I've taken her twice.
                
                   SHE IS THE BEST PROFESSOR I EVER HAD. I FULLY RECOMMEND HER.
                
                   Dr, Nolasco is an excellent teacher... one of the best so far... I love  her simplicity and need to help and support good students. she is knowledgeable and polite at same time..   I would love to have her class again...
                
                   She is not very helpful, only knows what is in the text, does not go over the exams.  I do not recommend taking her to anyone.  Her exams not even her exams, she does not make them up.  I didn't take anything from that class and I got a B.  Thumbs down
                
                   Great professor but exams are not easy.  Her questions are tricky!
                
                   I love Dr. Nolasco! She is an amazing instructor and very diplomatic and always polite in class.  I enjoyed her American Judicial Process class last sem. I liked the discussions.  She doesn't shoot down students and tries to engage everyone.  Her exams are tricky though and require you to think.  I got a C but I learned a lot.
                
                   Good teacher but condones and allows student attacks from other students.
                
                   Dr. Nolasco is a wonderful knowledged professor. She is amazing and knows what she is facilitating. I highly receommend to take any of her classes. Tests are from the powerpoints and reviews.
                
                   I LOVE Ms. Nolasco! she is very knowledgeable i every class I've taken of her. She will work with you if you need extra time or don't understand something. I highly recommend her!
                
                   Good teacher & very nice, made us cupcakes! Once in a while she might sound confusing, but she'll definitely make sure everyone got it. Attendance is mandatory only if you want extra credit. Extra credit added to final grade! You won't need the book. Tests not hard, JUST LEARN THE REVIEW, all I did for an A. I recommend her & would take her again.
                
                   Easy only for those who study! I just heard from a friend that he is failing her class. But I would take her again because she helps you review the key points for the tests and she is an overall great professor.
                
                   EASY!
                
                   She is funny in a good way, she has a good sense of humor and makes the class laugh. She takes the time to make sure we understood. I would take her again.
                
                   Great teacher...one of the best i had so far...Really wants you to learn and makes it easy for you to understand her class. I never had a problem on any of her classes with anything to do with homework or test.
                
                   Nice Prof! Crim is complicated as it is, but she makes it easy to understand and will assist you if you need help. Her reviews were great in the sense that she gave us a list of key concepts to review, so I was able to go over the entire few weeks in a nutshell.
                
                   Eric can be very demanding. Attendance is virtually mandatory or you will get a ZERO on the essay for that week. Reading is a MUST!!Dont try and work and take him. Its just too much. He is not empathetic to your personal problems.
                
                   Mr Nelson is a difficult teacher and must attend every class or he will give you a zero on an essay you turned in. He's grading is very detailed and unfair. High level course, I would not recommend him.
                
                   Very difficult class, he expects alot and is unfair. Must show up to class after turning in an essay because if not he'll give you a zero. He's grading is very detailed and strict. DO NOT take him.
                
                   Constitutional Law I is definitely an upper level course not for the weak.  There is a lot of reading but if you read, you will get an A.  Your charm won't get you a passing grade.  I'm glad I took this course.
                
                   Tough class. Make sure you attend classes, and take good notes. You will do well...if you actually try.
                
                   Mr. Nelson is a university level teacher, with expectations that equal the college station campus (HOT!!)
                
                   This is the type of academic education I came to this school to get!  I like having directions and instructions,  then let me work on my own to see if I truly understand the concepts.  Professional and has a true desire to teach!  
                
                   Great class and great Prof, make sure your are in class, if you miss one day you'll be lost and there really isn't time to catch up.  He is fair and does his best to make it as easy for us as possible. Would take him again in a heart beat!
                
                   Mr. Levchak designs his class  and lectures in a way that makes it easy to understand. If you make an effort in class and ask for help, Mr. Levchak will help you out . Even though attendance is not mandatory I would advice to not miss class, after all it is Statistics.   
                
                   She is my absolutely favorite professor! She really teaches you the material. If your looking for a class to take that doesn't require you to work, then this is not the class for you. But if you do take her classes you will enjoy her lessons and learn a lot! She is awesome!!
                
                   She gave us an assignment to "Kill a lady of the night". She may be interesting, but she has no clue what she is doing. I'm here to learn about crim, she has no background in crim and her assignments are wackadoodle.
                
                   Favorite professor by far at this university. No one can compare. Literally. Clear and concise. Straight forward and helpful. Great personality and really teaches her students. Makes you think outside the box and doesn't put with anything she doesn't have to.
                
                   Sometimes can be over whelming but over time she is getting more and more relaxed about the amount of work she assigns. Super interesting and never a dull moment.
                
                   Awesome professor. Shes not liked by those who dont even try. I pased her class with an A+. I was glad to have her because she's a REAL teacher. OK, so we were treated like a high school class but who cares&#63; She's interesting nd sheher stuff. I'd taker her again!!
                
                   A LOT OF WRITING AND READING. Very demanding Prof who acts as if her class is the only one that matters. She says one thing but means another. Extra credit is a MUST if you want to pass her class.
                
                   I took proffesor Alonzo twice, He is an amazing professor,  you will learn a lot. Keep up to date with current events and read your textbooks. Additionally you need to write well.
                
                   Professor Alonzo is amazing! I took this course online for an elective. I was amazed at how much I learned from his class! A chapter to read every week with a true or false quiz and a discussion board post 250 words (must put thought into the post) and respond to 2 other students post with the same criteria 250 words. Gives great feeback on posts!
                
                   Prof. Alonzo is former FBI - so the guy knows his stuff. He brings wisdom & experience to the classroom. He took the class on a field trip to the SA FBI Field Office. He doesn't assign a lot of reading - not compared to some profs - but he does assign short, simple essays usually 500 words or less. Be sure to participate in class discussions!
                
                   Professor Alonzo opened my eyes to so many opportunities in the Criminal Justice field. Definitely wants to see students excel and is very fair with grading. Tough at times, but only wants the best from his students. Definitely taking him again. 
                
                   One of the best teachers I have had in my 3 years of college. Took 4 of his classes, 3 online and one face to face. All were great, hes very clear, very interesting, very kind and encouraging. Face to face is best, he is full of interesting stories and a great guy to know in person. Still checks up on my career goals and im not his student anymore
                
                   One of the best teachers I've ever had!!! I wish there were more teachers like Professor Alonzo, he's highly experienced & extremely knowledgeable in the criminal justice field. Gives pop quizzes, but if you read the required material & power points you'll do Just fine. Hes's always willing to help students inside & outside of class. Take him!!
                
                   Mr. Alonzo's discussion questions are very interesting, and helps you achieve a greater perspective on the world.  You must read the book for weekly discussions, there are 3 reports, and 1 is from a movie, which you get to choose from a list.  Great class! Easy A!
                
                   I took Professor Alonzo,  Fall 2014. His class are wonderful and lectures are the greatest. If you have any questions always ask and he will always answer. Wonderful to hear will he work before, very interesting. You do have to study and do a presentation for the first class, second class Organized White crime an essay. Made B.  Have reg Fall 2015 
                
                   Amazing professor,he is one of the best teachers i've taken! He's very knowledgeable about what he teaches, and is so nice, you can actually tell he cares about his students. If you have a question don't hesitate to ask! He's a former Agent at the FBI office so he's very open to talking about career, internships etc. Can't wait to take him again! 
                
                   Prof. Alonzo is the greatest. One presentation and does grade you on that along with a report. If you do not understand or need help he will help you just ask. Make sure you are in class will, have 6 quiz one question. I would for sure take Prof. for all my classed.
                
                   The manner in which the class was set up and its required expectations made it easy for someone with a busy schedule. The assignments are short and enjoyable. Every week there is a special topic to discuss which deals with the U.S. / Mexico border.
                
                   Professor Alonzo is an awesome professor. This was my first semester at an University so it was a little bit of adjustment to get into but if you talk to him he will give you any answer you ask for and if he does not no it he will find out and let you no. He does not give a huge paper but its APA format and read what he says to because pop quizzes
                
                   I enjoyed his clas very much. He is passionte in his work and teaches very well. I learned alot in his class. I will be taking him again in  the fall!! :)
                
                   Alonzo is simply a wonderful professor. He has a great heart for students, is passionate about the topics he teaches, and makes the assignments clear from the start. There is a lot of reading, but he balances it out throughout the semester and does not overload with assignments. The class was challenging, but very manageable! TAKE HIS CLASS!
                
                   good instructor. good power point. very helpful. i would take him again
                
                   Awesome professor. She is super helpful and tries to make course interesting. Few homework but she does lecture. One of the coolest professors I've taken While she does assign long papers she helps you prepare for them and gives you plenty of time to work on them.
                
                   Judge Gazda is clear in his material. Lectures the entire class and doesn't really leave room for discussion. Gives verbal exam reviews and tests aren't too difficult if you read. Take notes and do the assignments (10 total for semester) and you shouldn't have any trouble. Would definitely take him again!
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Don't buy the book, rent it instead. You don't need it as much since a big chunk of the semester was spent on oral reports. Go to the prison tour, she will give a test on it. 
                
                   You will use the workbook that's basically only sold at the bookstore for $60. Tests are pretty tough if you don't read the book, she does give one open book test. Gives extra credit for going to school games. 
                
                   Easy class do the daily work (completion grade). Study for the quizzes and test and do as much extra credit as possible, especially going to the sports events and getting those business cards, those are a life saver! 
                
                   She's a stickler. Gives assignments first day and then never goes over again. Flies through notes. Shows interesting videos. Kind of self obsessed. If you read the book, go to class mostly and study you should probably do okay. Keep up with work she doesn't take late.
                
                   Professor was really nice and very professional. You should definitely go to class to get good notes.  She offers extra credit!  Do it!  It will help your grade. She is very fair and and all around great professor.
                
                   Her final was horrendous. She said ch 1-19 would be the final (which was basically the whole book), and it was only over a few chapters. everything she lectured over was on the test...but that was a small fraction of the test. if you want an A, you have to read your butt off!
                
                   I loved his class.  He's a very good teacher.  Highly recommend him as a professor.
                
                   Joseph Price is the master of taking complicated subject matter such as the prison system and feeding it to you in a way that makes it easy to swallow and digest.  He's a great story teller, highly respectful towards students, and is endeared by his students.  While he does have power points, he generally just uses them as reference points.
                
                   Awesome professor.  He's very helpful & interested in everyone individually!
                
                   A very good Professor who is interested in his students as individuals.
                
                   Great class and very helpful with class!
                
                   He wants you to do good in his class.  Show up and you will do fine.
                
                   Dr. Price is kind of old school. He is not demanding at all and is very helpful. He makes his classes easy to get through as well as easy to understand. Overall, a pretty good professor.
                
                   He knows what he is talking about he is awesome and makes you want to learn
                
                   I took so many classes with Dr. Hueston & learned so much from every one of them.  I highly recommend taking his classes.  You will learn a lot & have a good time in the process.  His tests aren't that hard & he's just an all around nice guy. 
                
                   Really knows his stuff. Just be straight with him. 
                
                   In my opinion, best teacher at WT. Cares about his students and will help in any way possible, as long as you do the work.
                
                   
                
                   Dr. H is a beast! He is the only prof. that i have ever had that truly tries to make the class fun, and tries to keep his students interested! From serial killers to terrorists he is super helpful, and will help you get a job in the criminal justice field when you graduate!  The BEST criminal justice prof on campus in my book!
                