
                   Class is pretty easy.Labs were boring but alright. She gives lots of bonus points and is really down to earth with the students.Best class to take for your science credit! I wish she could have taught lecture as well as the lab....not bad looking either!
                
                   He is very nice, very old man. However, what he wants is about as clear as charcoal. If you are so lucky to receive a review for a test, then what he wants is clear. If not, write EVERYTHING he says. Even the seemingly useless stuff .
                
                   Dr. Shultz is really passionate about geology and loves rocks. Going to class is mandatory, and if you take good notes and participate in the SI sessions, it is an easy A. Also, going to lab is crucial for your grade. He gives opportunities for extra credit. It takes some work, but the material is not hard and can be interesting at times.
                
                   Goes off topic frequently. Attend SI sessions and you're okay. 
                
                   He just really loves rocks!
                
                   You have to go to class to pass the course. E does not go solely off of what's in the book but also what he has learned from time in the field. He is willing to work with you if you tell him what is going on. Like the others sai it is A LOT of memorizing. But other than that not too difficult of a class.
                
                   He is awsome if you dont like science but need a science credit this calss is it. He is funny and easy. Also try to get grant as your lab instructor hes the best
                
                   Dr. Schultz is an excellent professor who really cares for his students. He will do anything to help you succeed. If you are not into science, then this would be the class to take!
                
                   This is an easy class, but if you get sick or need to make up a test you might as well forget about it.  He does not allow any make up work and told those of us with the flu that if we wanted to take the test we would have to do it while we were sick.
                
                   This class was really interesting.  This is one of the easiest science courses I have ever taken.  Alot of memorization, no formulas or math.  The lab for this class is pretty easy too.  Make sure to take plenty of notes.  All you need for tests are the notes he provides.
                
                   BORING!!!
                
                   Funny Because he thinks hes funny
                
                   Good professor but has a hard time keeping his class under control becuase he is hard of hearing.  Lots of chit chat went on during his lectures.
                
                   Mrs spears passed away earlier this year. She was a great teacher and was very sweet.
                
                   HOld on its gonna be a bumpy ride. She goes lightning quick, her tests are challenging, BUT show her you are trying and you'll be okay. She is a trip!
                
                   Spears ensures that you have a complete understanding of physics.  If you don't take the time to read the material, ask intelligent questions, and do your work, how can you expect success&#63;
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Funny, honest, upfront. If you pay attention, he doesn't mind helping. Loves to keep it on the light side, but talks business when necessary. Class involved suiting up and dealing with potentially deadly chemicals, so the material is no joke. Wish he was single or I might have invited him to go for coffee or comedy show.
                
                   His class is very easy and easy to understand.
                
                   I am so thankful that I got to experience class with Dr. Evans, and that he taught me everything known about oceanography, and to do a lifetime of learning! He is always engaging his students before, during, and after classes. He has a real passion for teaching. He completely debunks the saying, "those who can't do-teach," he is a brilliant man!
                
                   Great professor! You could tell he really cares about his students. The material isn't easy, but he will be there to make sure you understand it. For the tests, you HAVE TO STUDY. He gives extra credit opportunities, and goes over reviews. Would definitely take from Dr. Evans again! 
                
                   I took this class thinking it was going to be a major blowoff; its definitely not. He's so cute and funny, but his tests were hard. We had 4 tests and the final. Then he gave a few extra credit points on tests for attendance. It didn't help that this class was my 8am. You definitely need to really study to make an A.
                
                   Let me just start off by saying Professor Gardner is the cutest little old man & I did really enjoy him as a person. He always had jokes & personal stories. That being said,  I absolutely hated the class. I had 0 interest in the subject & the tests were difficult & I almost never understood a word he said. Gives extra credit for attendance though!
                
                   Dr. Gardner is a really nice and passionate man, but if you are looking or an easy A, don't take his class. I studied a lot for his tests and did outside of class reading in the textbook and still didn't make an A. It takes a lot of memorization skills to do well on his tests. The best part about his class is that there is NO final, only 4 exams.
                
                   Very sweet older man! He is passionate about oceanography and tells stories and shows pictures. Notes can be a bit confusing. He has group exams that help raise your grade. He also gives you points if you attend class. Not an easy A but not a super hard class either.  BEST PART IS THAT THERE IS NO FINAL, PAPERS, PROJECTS OR HOMEWORK. Just 4 exams!
                
                   I loved this professor. You can tell he's really passionate about the subject. Lectures are clear and have a lot of visuals. Attendance is mandatory, but if you have perfect attendance you get 3 points added for the next test. Each test has a group test that averages 20% into your test grade. If you put in the work, you can get an A
                
                   This isn't the easy A I was expecting. Didn't even get an A in the class. A is possible but pretty hard work required, the textbook is helpful, he gives notes but they are choppy and don't make much sense when not in the lecture. First test score drug me down for the whole semester. Nice guy though, passionate about the material. 
                
                   Tough prof but ready to help if needed. I was not doing good in the class at all, I bombed the third test and thought I would have to drop; talked to him in office hours and he told me what I needed to get a C. The last test was pretty easy (even though I studied super hard) and I made the C. He basically talked me into not dropping. Overall good. 
                
                   Lee is a great lecturer. He weaves important topics into stories about his personal experiences which keeps the class captivated. The class its self is fair. If you put in effort to study and complete the assignments, you can get an A in the class. He is also very understanding (especially if you get injured catching a rare turtle) and easy going. 
                
                   Dr. Lee is the best herpetologist I have met, it was a true privelage to take his course.
                
                   Best Herpetology Course I have ever taken
                
                   Prof. Hertzberg was really good. She posts her PP's online but you have to attend if you want bonus points. Tests are multiple choice and short answer, but short answer (and MC) is easy if you know your stuff. She gives hints for the tests too. Sometimes got a little dry but mostly interesting. 
                
                   When she teaches, it is very clear that she loves biology. She was pretty funny in class. She has three non-cumulative exams with a cumulative final. Her exams weren't too tough. Go to class, read the textbook, and review her notes before each exam. Make sure you understand everything. She posts practice exams on eCampus. Make sure you do those.
                
                   Dr. Johnson was very helpful in office hours (and wrote down my name when I visited her so she takes note of that) and had very clear, concise lectures. I advise going to SI because her tests required reasoning and not just regurgitation. About 8, random, one-question quizzes (not hard) per semester.
                
                   Johnson's class is hard, but it is possible to make an A. She posts fill in the blank notes that are SO helpful. She also follows the book. Some of her test questions were very similar to practice questions from the book and from the mastering bio site that you get when you buy the book! She also gives tons of easy bonus point quizzes in class. 
                
                   The tests are pretty hard, but she's a very nice prof. 
                
                   Dr. Johnson is one of the easiest BIOL112 professors you can have. Don't get me wrong, the class is still very difficult due to the large amount of details you need to know about all of the phylums and classes, but if you go to A+ and study the notes an A in the class is more than possible. I would take her again for sure!
                
                   BORING!! Her tests are hard. They are worderd weird. If you were hoping to use MasteringBiology don't bother, it's not going to help. She has extra credit opportunities but they don't help much.
                
                   The class was fairly interesting, and Dr. Johnson is very knowledgeable and passionate about what she teaches.  The lectures were well-organized and easy to follow, though there is a lot of information to learn and the tests are difficult if you do not study a lot.
                
                   I absolutely love Dr. Johnson! She is one of the greatest profs I've had at A&M. DEFINITELY would recommend her. If she taught another class, I would sign up in a heartbeat.
                
                   Wish someone had warned me so unless you have to, don't take her. Questions on tests are worded so weird. Class is boring, gives a few extra bonus points if you go to class but overall doesn't help too much. Not very helpful when you go talk to her, just tells you to study your notes (duh) a lot of people in my class have been complaining about her
                
                   There is so much information. Memorize it Daily and you will ace her class. Lab sucks because you have to learn the lecture material a week or two earlier. But again, MEMORIZE VERBATIM. and you will get an A. I got a B because I waited until the last 2 days to study for the exam
                
                   She is a pretty good proff. She goes directly off of her powerpoints. Read the cooresponding chapters cuz it helps. She appreciates questions and her tests are moderatly hot. Again read the book because there will be test questions from it. She does offer some extra credit but you have to work for it. SI is extreamly helpful!!!
                
                   Dr. Johnson's lectures are not always the most interesting, but she knows her lectures very well and appreciates questions! There is a lot of material covered in this class that is very difficult to comprehend, but study the processes like what is used and made! Her tests are fairly hard, yet not very consistent... Overall, pretty good prof!
                
                   Must read the book, go to class, and do all the extra work to get a good grade.  Lots of tricky questions on the tests.
                
                   Go to class and do all suggested work
                
                   class notes boring, tests are HARD!! you have to study ALOT!!!!!! very boring!!!
                
                   She's really nice and really cares about what she's lecturing. She posts the power points online so it'ts okay to skip a few classes. Clicker questions at the beginning of class go towards extra credit at the end of the semester, but it's just participation. Tests are multiple choice and free response.
                
                   Nice guy, tries to make jokes but his tests  are nothing like lecture or the book, he finally came around at the end of the semester and made a review for the test.
                
                   Tests are one in class, one take home and one open note.  Go to class and do great in the class.
                
                   Excellent prof.  I had him also for medical entomology.  Very helpful enthusiastic, and friendly
                
                   No Comments
                
                   awesome prof. really really friendly. easy tests for the most part.
                
                   Keeps it interesting and current.Fun with bugs!!
                
                   Here is what I did 2 make an A in both of his classes. I studied the notes everyday, including doing all practice problems. Start practice exams a week before examsenough time 2 ask him questions and covered enough material in class to be able to do them. some weeks I spent 20 hours on this class. What you put in reflects your grade. 
                
                   Dr. Pennington is difficult. He makes you actually learn the material rather than just spit our worthless facts. He will be more difficult than most chemistry professors, but he is much better at explanation as well as actually educating the students than any professor i have encountered. He takes work but will help you out. 
                
                   One of the best professors I've had. He's tough but it's worth it. 
                
                   took him for 227 and now in 228. He ceases to amaze me with his teaching. Yes, he is the hardest but his teaching makes up for it. Expect to work by studying everyday &  practicing mechanisms. U will get confused but if you go to him he will help you. But you must be willing to learn and have to be proactive. 
                
                   Dr. Pennington has an accurate reputation for being the hardest OChem prof at TAMU - but he's also the BEST.  Not only is he a talented teacher, he actually cares and goes consistently above and beyond to help students out.  Still a TOUGH class but if you're stuck he WILL help.  Generous with partial credit on exams.  Class curved to 75% average.
                
                   GG Pennington 
                
                   Do not slack off 4 the 1st exam even though it is a review. Work all the extra practice problems in the notes and go 2 him about the 1s u are not sure abt. Work every single practice exam and understand everything. Practice the synthesis and mechanism daily. I made an A wo a curve and had a horrible foundation in chemistry going n2 his  class.
                
                   Work every single one of his practice exams. Go to him about EVERY SINGLE thing that you do not understand. Do not let yourself get behind. Practice the mechanisms every day . Do not get intimidated by his exams. Never miss class. Go to the help sessions; my grades got much better after going! PRACTICE PRACTICE; listen to him. HE is the BEST!  
                
                   Awesome guy. Each of his tests are very difficult, but he definitely tries his best to prepare you. In the end, I had to get tutoring and use things like chegg and clutch prep to fully understand the tough concepts. I would definitely recommend his class if you want to really learn orgo!
                
                   Enjoys helping his students. Always willing to talk, even if it's not about organic chemistry.
                
                   He is my most favorite professor of all time! Makes lecture very engaging and interesting. He is a very nice guy and genuinely cares about all his students (he  attempts to learn everyone's name). The material and exams are not easy, though. If you're willing to put in the work, then take him! You will not regret it!
                
                   An engaged professor with a fabulous beard! Even though his class isn't the easiest in the world (I blame the subject itself), he makes the class bearable. He has notes that can be bought at the MSC, and you don't have to buy the textbook per-say, since its online with OWLS. Have an iclicker though, because he was daily chem. questions every class!
                
                   He is amazing! He does go fast on his lectures, but I find it helpful to stay awake and engaged. His notes are very easy to understand. I would recommend this professor if you want to LEARN not just get the class over with.
                
                   Such a great professor, I recommend Pennington if you're willing to work. One of the greatest teachers I've ever had.
                
                   Goes way too fast through lectures, does not give examples outside of his pre-written notes, last two tests are incredibly hard. He knows what he's talking about very well, but he doesn't do a good job of teaching those that don't. If you're chemistry savvy, you'll be okay. If you're less than stellar, prepare to suffer.
                
                   Seriously the best professor I have ever had. Ever. He made ochem interesting and almost enjoyable. He's this jolly guy with a beard and a corny sense of humor, but it helps you learn the material. I don't think I've ever learned so much in a class. He puts old tests on reserve so if you practice those you can ace the class, easily. He's awesome!
                
                   He's a great guy. Learn to love tutoring and office hours. His tests are HARD but if you work hard you can do well.
                
                   He is not the easiest O chem teacher from what I hear.  He gives one question reading quizes every non-test class period (9 are dropped) pretty much so you won't fall behind on your reading if you don't want to lose points.  Four 100 pt exams, six 25 pt quizes, 150 pt final.  His notes and lectures are rushed and he talks very fast.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   not bad if you are willing to work
                
                   Awesome guy, awesome class.
                
                   I am a bio major and dont understand much physics, but I am making a B in his class.  He is very good about curving test grades and pushing back deadlines. He is very unorganized, but that is not a problem for me.  Reading the chapter before he goes over it helps a lot.  Just remember that lab is 25 percent of the grade.
                
                   Find some people who took his class the semester before and get their tests or get a friend who has the class earlier in the week and get their tests because they are all the same.
                
                   like the class very helpful and is willing to work with you if you dont understand
                
                   kinda easy, hard to follow along with, unorganized. He will give pop quizzes if people are late a lot. You need to follow along with his lectures or the class will be hard... unless your just good at the science concepts unlike me.
                
                   He is very unorganized. Does NOT stick to the syllabus.  Doesnt not cover content in a timely manner... It took us two weeks to cover one chapter. We were tested over new material that was not covered in lecture. I think this professor should continue working for the beer store full time instead of part time, he is just not fit to teach.
                
                   easy classes but unorganized.  the lecture has no organization, he doesn't stick to syllabus, and does not demand respect from students.  allows students to get away with disrupting entire class. student suffers for prof's lack of organization when he tries to play catch up.
                
                   Enjoyed this professor. Class is easy as long as you take notes or follow along in the book. Nice guy, understanding if something comes up. Would take from again. Still says hello when I see him.
                
                   Very helpful and thoughtful instructor who is quite entertaining.
                
                   Very helpful and clear in his teaching. Incredibly nice guy, I highly recommend taking his classes.
                
                   He was a pretty cool guy and his class was pretty easy. Follow long with what he's reading and you will get an A.
                
                   really good at teaching the class, fair grading the test, no curves needed.
                
                   His classes are GREAT! He is a wonderful professor. His class is definitely challenging and requires you to study but if you work hard it is not hard to get an A. He offers at least 50 points of extra credit so that helps as well. HIGHLY RECOMMEND 
                
                   Great professor. Has a love for the subject, and he shows it. Gave plenty of visual examples and worked plenty of textbook problems. Asked questions during class to make students think and get them engaged. Thoroughly enjoyed his class, and I wish I had more with him. Good amount of homework, reviews for tests. Again, very good professor!
                
                   His tests consist of multiple choice, matching, a diagram, and naming pictures.  He doesn't give homework on a regular bases but when he does don't forget your units(that goes for test too)  His lectures are clear and he will let you know what is important for the test. He doesn't use a textbook and try not to skip class.
                
                   Hardest teacher I have ever had. He did nothing by a textbook, everything was lecture and then tests with no reviews. I do not recommend this class to ANYONE. I was so exited to take astronomy until I experienced it with him.
                
                   Kent is the best Commerce has to offer - HANDS DOWN. He is a freeking smart baller! He will make you want to become a pys or asto major. He is very clear and very helpful. I also don't mind seeing him play racquetball in the rec everyday.
                
                   Kent is AWESOME, if you need astronomy for a natural science take him. Great professor!
                
                   Hands-down, best professor i have ever had! I cannot say enough good things about this guy. I wish he tough all my classes! I would be a whole lot better off after i graduate. If you can, even if its not your major, take his ASTR class!
                
                   Very good teacher. Don't miss class or you'll miss a lot of information. He makes it interesting.
                
                   Great teacher, you can tell he loves his job...
                
                   I wish that Dr. Montgomery taught all of my classes, i would have a 4.0. I cannot say enough about how much i have enjoyed taking Astronomy 101 this semester. He makes if fun and interesting and you thrive on his passion. I recommend taking his class whenever possible. He will make you want to be an astronomer!
                
                   Dr. Montgomery is one of those stand out instructors that you'll find on a small campus like A&M-Commerce. He's beyond passionate, knows his material, and really just pulls you into the material. I was fortunate to be in a very small class with him and he really went above the call of duty to teach the material. Take one of his courses.
                
                   Dr. Montgomery is a fantastic professor. Like the other poster said he is extremely passionate about astronomy and physics and is more than willing to help you out or answer your questions. For me showing up was no big deal, I ended up almost as passionate about it as him and have since then changed my major :)
                
                   Dr. Montgomery is a great professor.  He is passionate about astronomy, as well as physics.  A textbook is not required, unless you want one for reference.  He is clear about what will be on the tests (he gives review sheets).  If you give a modest effort a B is very attainable.  If you try like you should, then an A is not at all out of your reach
                
                   Great instructor.  Knows his stuff.  Easy class if you attend and do practice tests.
                
                   If you have to take IS take it with Newton. He's fun, really helpful, cute in this dorky way, and he isn't as anal about things as Prof. Davis.
                
                   I took Prof. Newton for Astronomy. Yikes! This class is not easy at all. You have to seriously pay attention and do you know how easy it is to doze off in the planetarium&#63;! You have to read the book to fully understand everything that he talks about. Unless you really know astronomy you better pay attention!
                
                   GREAT TEACHER, EASY CLASS!!
                
                   Great teacher! Classmates didn't like but it was because they expected the class to be something it wasn't. This is a review of science topics, not a how-to-teach-science class!! Very little homework and small group lab activities in class. Notebook is a keeper for future use! Can't wait to take 352 with Dr. Newton! Cute and British accent a plus!
                
                   He's awesome but be prepared to really know your stuff-tests are hard.  Take good notes and study them, they are often supplemental.  Overall great.
                
                   Dr. Hickman is one of my favorite professors! Once you get the hang of his tests, they are very predictable. That being said- you also need to study & know your stuff! He's nice & does curve exams.
                
                   Sit up front cause he talks low and monotone. you will need to write down everything he says even if it seems superfluous because it will likely be on the test. His tests are very hard and are quite ambiguous, however he does curve them dramatically so you might end up with a good grade. he is very old school and doesn't like to use comps or email
                
                   i had dr. hickman for vert. the class itself was difficult. he asks for very specific things on the tests. but he curves all of the tests. to me this class was very interesting. hickman really knows his stuff
                
                   I took Dr. Hickman for pro skills. He was an excellent professor for this class. I'd like to take him for other classes but he doesn't seem to teach many of the classes on my degree plan.
                
                   Ms. Krueger is pretty nice. The material isn't hard, but you have a project, online quiz, and test for every unit (4 total). She does give extra credit. She's pretty good at telling you what you'll need to know for the test. However attendance is a grade so don't miss too many classes. Labs are easy and you get out of class early most days. 
                
                   She is so very great. I had her for Astronomy lab, and I absolutely loved it. She will help you with everything. Her lab made the class livable. Awesome professor.
                
                   okay
                
                   Straight forward professor with straight forward exams. He has an accent so that may or may not be a problem. Exam questions come straight lecture which comes straight from the power points and the power points are directly correlated to the textbook. Exam questions can be tricky but if you study well its an easy A
                
                   He is a great teacher and explains in detail for the students to understand the material. He actually wants the students to understand the concepts not just memorize. His  test questions can be confusing so make sure to read them all the way through before answering. He also doesn't tolerate absences and tardiness.
                
                   Horrible Professor she was very confusing, and unorganized. She made you feel stupid for asking questions, and was constantly late. Although, tests are pretty easy. She only allows one unexcused/excused absence, but is constantly absent herself with bad excuses, but still holds classes.
                
                   This was a great class. Dr. Smith took us on field trips all along the coastal bend! She is very into her field of study and wants to teach her students everything she knows.
                
                   FIND OLD QUIZZES! BUY THEM IF YOU MUST! Also study the ppts. All &quot;quizzes&quot; are long 10 question essay exams. Make sure your pour your brain out to get all your points!! Don't really need the book except for the problem sets. Ask to borrow a friends and save your money.
                
                   Knows his stuff. &quot;Quizzes&quot; are actually essay tests and are pretty difficult, try to find old ones to study they are extremely helpful. Overall- good professor,easy on the eyes but so soft spoken you might nod off.
                
                   Good prof, but super hard. The quizzes kick my butt even though i studied hard. He puts all the notes online which helps, but the quizzes cover lots of material and studying is essential. If you are lucky enough to get the old quizzes i have heard it helps. very interesting but lots of studying...
                
                   I found the subject to be very interesting.  Dr. Amon is always willing to answer questions and elaborate more on his work.  The class style can be somewhat boring as it's mostly just powerpoint lectures. The 'quizzes' aka exams can be a bit difficult, as they are all short answer questions. Overall a good class and great prof!
                
                   I had him for Chem and Bio ocean as well as an independent study. He is nice and interesting and his interest in the subject comes through.  His testing is extremely hard but I learned a lot in class.  You basically need ot know everything.  If you can work with him in his lab or in an independent study I recommend it.
                
                   I enjoyed both of his classes. He has been teaching a couple of years and is very interesting. His &quot;quizzes&quot; are 10 short essay questions. He is very open to questions and will do what it takes to help you understand the material.
                
                   He is a good teacher and very interesting. He brings his research in the arctic into the class which is cool. His tests are extremely hard and detailed. You basically need to know everything for them.
                
                   Dr.Davis really knows marine mammals and is passionate about his work. Is a good teacher but just reads off the power point slides.Tests are choose 3 out of 5 eassay questions. Its easy to tell from the lecture what the questions will be about so if you study its an easy class. He grades very softly. And there is no book for the class so you save $
                
                   One of the best teachers at TAMUG. Knows everything and more, and gives lots and lots of opportunities to improve your grade if needed. His slides are hard to read but he's great with questions. You try even a little, you'll pass & learn a lot about oceanography. (The lab's good too.)
                
                   Difficult class, but interesting for sure. Mr. Coleman is a very good teacher and knowledgeable on the subject. Ask questions, do the extra credit, and study. If you do so, you will come away with an A and a newfound knowledge of the ocean.
                
                   This professor is a very nice man.  The notes are given on an overhead projector, which can be difficult to follow.  Lastly, extra credit offers students a chance to make a B or A
                
                   He's a great professor! Yes, oceanography can be boring if you aren't interested in at, and yes it will be hard if you don't study... but if you open your mind and try to learn something new it can be interesting! And Charlie gives you plenty of opportunity to make a good grade. Bonus points and curves galore! You can make an A! Study!
                
                   Oceanography was VERY boring, but he's a nice guy.  Study slides and make sure to go to class the day before the test.  If you show an effort beyond just attending class (talk with him, ect) you'll get an A.
                
                   Very nice and understanding. if you ask him questions and show that you are trying, you will do very well. Weekly quizzes are fairly easy. Gave us a take home final which was very difficult but he will help you on it if you go to him.
                
                   He's a very kind teacher but a very boring class.  Print out slides to study with, do extra credit, make sure 2g2 class for reviews! If you talk to him after class and show you're trying he'll give you an A!
                
                   Charlie was my TA for both my geology and oceanography labs.  He's easily my favorite professor at TAMUG.  Very knowledgeable, helpful, respectful, and kind.  You'll learn so much from him, and you'll have fun in his labs.
                
                   I've learned so much in this class, but I've also pulled several all nighters and killed myself to make good grades. I've never had to work so hard to get a B in my life. I guess he assumes that this is the only class anyone takes. 
                
                   So much reading it will make your eyes bleed. Probably wasted so much paper in this class due to printing out the readings that it contributed to climate change and ultimately Peak Oil, Haha!
                
                   Good prof. Goes a little fast but the way he grades tests is great.
                
                   He loves his job and making fun with and of his students. He is a very nice person and very talkive. By talktive, I mean he loves to talk on tangents. He is very knowledgable, maybe even too much. He is warm and welcoming if you go to his office. Fun teacher, very involved, but following his teaching wise is hard.
                
                   Very enthusiastic about his subject, but he goes off on random tangents and is hard to follow. Prejudiced against biology, occasionally ridicules students, who doesn't, but he's a funny guy. Terrible driver, bad perception of time. Overall, a decent teacher.
                
                   His lectures are really boring and a lot of times, difficult to follow. You could get by pretty easily by just reading the book. But it's best to attend the lectures so you have a better idea of what he is going to test over. You &quot;weight your answers&quot; on test and quizzes, which I liked. Never leave a question blank, he gives partial credit.
                
                   This is a good class. Dr. Jones is a nice man. You need to go to class because he talks about the news and it will be on the test. There are homework grades but they are easy, just do them and they will really help your grade. The tests are fairly long 20 M.C. and 5 essay in 50 min., he does give partical credit. The class was enjoyable for me.
                
                   Greatest professor at TAMUK, easy and helpful. very fun class.
                
                   I took PLSS 1407 as a freshman and made an A. she is fun, cool, and easy. I never really studied i just listened and if you dont make an A, then theres somethng wrong.
                
                   By far the Best professor at the University very fair and Interseting take a class with her and you will have a better outlook on college coursework this is how professors should teach shes worth being a plant a soils major because she will teach you in a way that is hands on and fun Best choice in teacher right here
                
                   Great teacher! She always makes lecture interesting. NEVER use your cell phone in class (i.e. texting) she will take your phone! Tests are easy just study lecture notes and powerpoints.
                
                   She is funny! Class is never dull. She had handouts for all powerpoints which was easy. I made an A i would take more of her other classes she offers! :)
                
                   
                
                   Great prof although very tough. Very knowledgeable of the subject matter. Nice looking huh
                
                   instructor knows the information and has real life experience related to the field. he makes sure you understand before you move on.he's nice to look at for a couple hours also
                
                   Field Ich was by far the best class I took at TAMUG.  Dr. Landry is a great teacher and definitely very knowledgeable.  I never managed to make an A on one of his tests, but I got A's in both classes.  He got me excited about fish and I went on to pursue a Master's in fisheries ecology.
                
                   Dr.Landry is one of the best MARB profs ever. He knows more about fish and any text book ever. Is very passionate about the subject and loves to teach. Very helpful and will call on students to answer questions in class. Tests are very long but if you study and read the book they are easy to get an A or B. If you get a chance to take ich do it!!
                
                   Very confusing...knowledgeable of the subject but should just be confined to a lab. Really sweet lady...but just take Townsend for chemistry. Her tests are really hard...notes and book don't even prepare you at all. She's really nerdy and so are her bonus questions, but they're fun.
                
                   Took for Ornithology and Biochem.  Great professor.  Very clear and relatively easy.  Makes you work at it though.
                
                   She is very wacky when teaching, which makes her class hard to follow. She assumes that everyone already knows chemistry from high school so she zooms through every chapter. I personally asked her for help and she shrugged me off, which came off as very unprofessional. Freshman weed out class, without a doubt, and because of her I will retake chem.
                
                   She is very helpful but the class is still difficult. You can use your notes and book on the online quizzes but dont get too comfortable.  Her tests are very straight forward so you either know it or you dont. She will even help you on the tests, an over all good professor but a very difficult class used for freshman weed out.
                
                   Her tests are very easy and she is very nice and helpful
                
                   She is my far one of the greatest professors I ever had and one of my best friends.
                
                   AWESOME TEACHER! VERY HELPFUL AND UNDERSTANDING! LOVES HER JOB AND WILL PERSUADE YOU TO TRY HARD AND NOT FAIL! BEST EVER!! SPECIALLY FOR SUMMER BIOCHEMISTRY (INSTEAD OF KANZ)!!
                
                   Dr. Ko is one of those professors that work you to death but he is totally into helping students and wants them to understand the material.  He is extremely fair with grades and exams. He gets his feelings hurt if you miss his class w/o an excuse. Truely cares about education and your time. Plenty of extra credit
                
                   Dr. Klein knows physics, but can not teach to save his life. He is a nice guy, but the exams are hard and lectures are confusing. If you memorize the book, and memorize every wikipedia article over physics, then you will pass. Otherwise, good luck!
                
                   Dr Klein is a sweet old man, but forgot how to teach. If you stick with him and go to tutoring and form study groups and memorize the book you will pass with no problem 
                
                   Dr. Klein is a brilliant man. Very Very Very smart!!! But he does not know how to teach! The lectures are useless and if you do not already know advanced physics, then you will not pass. He does not "dumb down" the material or explain what his notation is. Very difficult course. If you take him, look for past tests in the library. they MIGHT help
                
                   For Physics 218 and 208 (Mechanics and Electricity and Optics) A solid background in this course helps a lot. If you dont, you must do the work out of the book. I found doing the work problems in the chapter during class as opposed to listening to his lectures was a lot more beneficial. In essence, you will be teaching yourself. Not that bad
                
                   He is a nice guy and totally willing to help and answer question but his way of teaching physics isn't very clear. I eneded up getting a tutor for his class because he makes no sense! The material itself isn't hard, quite simple actually, but the way he words his tests and quizzes makes it difficult to know what he wants you to answer.
                
                   Hard class however; as long as you actively study and use the material provided in the library, prior to the tests and weekly quizzes, you'll do fine.
                
                   Start the home work the day he gives you the sylabus. Honestly if you show up one day out of the week and sit at the front, you will be fine. Make sure you talk to him after class. If he knows your name you get a grade point higher. Nice man, poor at teaching. Don't get scared when he sticks his tounge out at you.
                
                   I had him for both chem107 and physics218 his class is honestly not hard, all you have to do to get an A is be able to do the test and quizzes he puts in the library. His lectures are useless and boring, but his classes are not hard. All i did was study old test and quizzes and I got an A
                
                   Great prof. Has some funny one liners every now and then. Keep up with the homework and the quizzes and tests will be a breeze.
                
                   cannot understand him and if you have never taken chem before dont start out with engineering chem do gereral chemisty just dont get klein
                
                   cannot understand him. and if you have never taken chem before dont start out with engineering chem. do gereral chem just dont get klein
                
                   At least he puts older test on file that look like the ones he gives. Unfortunately this professor cannot teach at all despite his interest in chemistry. If you do not have a background in the subject of his class you may become lost in his lectures. If you become lost in what he says you probably will stay lost.
                
                   He's the toughest professor i've had so far. He over complicates things, quizzes r ridiculous, and has pretty hard test as well. Avoid if at all possible
                
                   This prof is the worst teacher I have ever had.  We often had a quiz and test on the same day, and we had about half an hour to complete both.  Not worth the money or time, however if you read the text book you might do alright.
                
                   HARD TO UNDERSTAND IN CLASS AND REALLY TOUGH QUIZZES
                
                   You have to read the chem book and understand it to pass the class and you better know about all the elements on the periodic chart
                
                   Completely irrational and impossible to deal with.  Very intelligent man with ZERO teaching skills.  This professor is a waste of tuition money and time.  You take quizzes that HE cannot even complete in the time allotted. Total disgrace to A&M Chemistry Dept.
                
                   This guy is too smart to be teaching.  He talks about things that are &quot;obvious to the casual observer&quot;.  That and he will sometimes go off on a random tangent about and equally random subject.  Avoid at all cost and if you do have to take him, read from the text book.  You will learn more from it that you will from him.
                
                   I heard that he fell asleep once doing a problem in class. and I can belive it!
                
                   To old to teach has a serious speach problem, my recomendation is to not take this professor, detailed lecture that has nothing to do with the class
                
                   Good class, super helpful IF you ask. Tells lots of jokes in class. Makes the lab easier to understand.
                
                   Estes is probably the worst professor I've ever had in my college career. His notes are not helpful which leads to tough tests. Class averages are in the 40's. I do not recommend taking him unless you want to fail every test. 
                
                   Can be unclear at times but is extremely helpful and caring if you get to know her and show her you are really trying in her class. Project assignments can also be very tedious and unclear but as long as you visit her office hours, she will guide you on how to do the assignments and study for the exams.
                
                   She was the main lab coordinator or w/e for the two semesters I had with Biology Lab. She makes the exams and they are IMPOSSIBLE to pass. It seems as if 99 percent of the people fail it. I would not recommend taking Biology which comes with Biology Lab at this school until she no longer writes the exams.
                
                   she is a horrible teacher hopefully you don't get her she  isn't clear about her directions you have to know things Also lab is not fair on how they are graded No matter how well you do Tammy will give you no better then a C on your projects She is not helpful at all if you need help ask the student instructors whatever you do don't take
                
                   Strict without reason. Not your friend. Tries to belittle students. Exploits her authority. Even instructors under her care attempt to pamper her mood. Dont make her angry-which is ridiculously easy-or it will backfire on your next exam/quiz or the whole of labs-even those outside your section. Lab exams: nitpicky.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   The material is not hard it is just a lot to understand in a short amount of time. Did not use the book very much maybe just to clarify something I forgot. She discusses in detail her powerpoints and gives helpful hints. Really nice and understanding. Study the information ahead of time instead of cramming. An A is possible if you study hard.
                
                   um.. was about all I understood in this mans class! I hated sitting through lectures so I just counted the number of times he said &quot;um&quot; I only got up to 58!
                
                   Someone needs to tell him that THIS IS NOT A WEED OUT CLASS!!!!!! I HATED this class, managed to get a B somehow, and would never take him again.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS!!!! IT IS A BIG MISTAKE! TRUST ME!!
                
                   This teacher is a nice guy...however the lectures aren't too interesting and well the tests are just way hard...as a freshman I ended up failing :|..the labs are easy but extremely time consuming and some are pointless and do not even pertain to the class..I hated this class!
                
                   nice guy but the class is very difficult and boring...lectures are annoying because uh is every other word
                
                   This class was too demanding for a lower division Freshman course. At the end of the semester, he asked for a show of hands as to who would be taking the second part of the course and 3 out of 200 people raised their hand.  The labs were too time-consuming and added little to one's knowledge.
                
                   Easy A!
                
                   Awesome professor! 
                
                   I have taken him twice for both of my IS classes, online. He is a great professor. I recommend everyone to take him! Follow instructions and you will earn an 'A'.
                
                   Wasn't sure how an online science class with lab would work but it does.  Follows pretty much the same format each week with discussion, quiz, and online lab.  Highly recommended.
                
                   Dr. Lock is really great at explaining higher level math.  I had no great understanding of the physics content prior to taking her class, but she's such a good teacher that I understand the content well enough that another student thought math was my undergraduate degree (it wasn't).  Homework is weekly at the grad level - easy to keep up with.
                
                   Dr. Lock is very nice & organized. She's always open for class questions. Take notes! Her test reviews are very helpful & the exams are mostly (mult)choice w/a few essay questions. If you study real hard, you should pass. To be honest, I had no interest in physics but I walked out this class learning something new.
                
                   I took her IS 351 class. Not bad for her first year teaching. She's really nice & very organized. Take notes! Her test reviews are very helpful & the exams are mostly(mult)choice with a few essay questions. Just study & u should pass her class. To be honest. I was never in into physics but I came out of that class learning new things:-)
                
                   Awesome teacher!!!! Would recommend to anyone!
                
                   I took this class for a Summer Mini. It was 10 days and I really enjoyed this class. She teaches everything very clearly and answers any questions you may have. She gives a study guide which really helps you study. We had to do a notebook but I got a 102 on it for doing exactly what she asked and turning it in early. She is awesome!
                
                   I took this class in a Summer Mini - 10 day class. She was very clear and gave a study guide that was precisely what we needed to know for the test. I was scared that I couldnt finish the notebook in 10 days, but I did and I got a 99  on it. I will be taking another class with her in the Fall.
                
                   Wonderful teacher! Learned a lot from her and gained a lot of activity ideas. You do a lot of hands-on activities in class.  Be sure to study notes/study guide well for the exams.  Do everything exactly like she asks for the notebook and you will make an easy 100. Wonderful professor for future teachers! Finals is easy if you study prev. test well.
                
                   Gain lots of activities for science lessons. There is quite a bit of notetaking, but study the notes for test and you should do well. Final is comprehensive but comes from the previous tests. Great professor.
                
                   Great teacher! We do fun science experiments every day in class! It really helps to know that when we are on our own we will know how to do everything! Study hard for the tests!
                
                   I have never had a science instructor like her.  She is what a teacher should be.   I strongly encourage everyone to take her.
                
                   Great teacher .. you can tell she really cares about the subject matter!  She is very helpful and friendly!
                
                   She's awesome. I don't have her for any classes anymore, but she still emails me to see if I need help with anything during my residency semester.
                
                   do this one
                
                   easy easy easy==this whole school is easy easy easy. Nice instructor and easy class.
                
                   Wonderful teacher. Very laid back. Come to class, take notes and you will do fine. Very fun class. Henderson was very clear of her expectations and I learned a lot from her.
                
                   You'll take a TON of notes, but it is worth it. Love Pam.
                
                   Very very easy A. 4 or 5 test - all easy and she will give you a study guide that tells you everything you need to know. Just look up all the info in the book on the stuff in the study guide, learn it, and easy A. Would recommend.
                
                   come to class, take notes, easy A.
                
                   I enjoyed her class.  She knows the material she teaches.  Also, she's very nice.
                
                   Talks fast when she teaches, makes it hard to write notes. but besides that she is a very good teacher and very easy. i recommend a tape recorder!
                
                   Very clear and to the point. You will pass if you at least make an effort and come to class. Very willing to help you out of class. Will go out of her way.
                
                   By far my favorite professor. Dr. Davis cares about her students and wants you to learn. If you ever have any questions she is there for her students 100% of the time! The notebook is the hardest thing you have to do in the class, but she is there to help if you have problems. You make your own exams. The class is not hard, just do the work!
                
                   At the beginning of the semester I contemplated dropping this course and I am so glad I didn't.  Yes, the notebook, making an exam and micro teach was a little overwhelming but at the end of the semester I feel like my hard work payed off. She's very helpful and lets the class know that she cares about each of her students. Very sweet!
                
                   I'm not going to lie this class was tough, but you will walk out of that class knowing a lot more then when you first walked in! The notebook is a pain, but she is willing to help you! I heard many negative things about this professor, but I must say I enjoyed this class a lot and even earned an A! So it is possible, but YOU have to earn it!
                
                   Exams are short answer essay questions and graded EXTREMELY hard. I'm normally a straight A student, I went to class, read the book, studied, knew the information but my answers were "too wordy" or "didn't explain in enough depth". He is not helpful. I reviewed my exams with him and he said my answers were correct but he still marked them wrong.
                
                   Very nice and friendly guy. Teaches through slide show lectures but his tests are difficult because they are only 10 questions short answer. He typically does a review before each test but it's often very broad.
                
                   I thought she was a great professor. She had office hours that she stuck to, she made class interactive, and she was approachable.. She was very clear about what we needed to know and was always open to questions. Her tests are over her lecture slides, so it's better if you go to class, but she posts them on eCampus so you don't have to.
                
                   This class is all about concepts. I know people who didn't have to study as hard as myself and were able to pick it up fine. I went to her multiple times for her and she wasn't really clear. She takes offense if you ask what to know for the next exam. If you don't get it good luck trying to pass this.
                
                   Hardest prof I have ever had. Her tests are extremely difficult. Doesn't offer any extra credit. Had to Q-Drop this course. 
                
                   Not a good teacher! Hard to understand and not good at explaining concepts. No use in even going to class because he makes no sense and rambles on and on. The only good thing though is that his curves are huge to help when half the class fails a test
                
                   Easy tests, lectures are not too helpfull, provides old exams.
                
                   EASY TESTS! Explains well enough too.
                
                   Dr. Mcknight is such a hard professor. His tests are weirdly worded and he expects us to know it all and beyond that. Word for word. He is totally NOT approachable. I went once to go talk to him and he completely blew me off. I would not take him again.
                
                   McKnight is not easy by any means, but I feel that he is being judged too harshly on here. His lectures aren't too dry, and he really desires interactions from students. He's a very smart guy and is passionate. Work hard, and go to class. If you work hard enough to get an A, you'll probably get a B. It's a weed out class, that's how it works.
                
                   Do NOT take this professor. I studied, went to class, did the book objectives and went to outside tutorials and I still failed his tests! His tests are so hard and don't match up with his lectures at all! you have to really read the book and fully comprehend everything to be able to do good in his class.
                
                   his test were really hard, they didnt seem to come from the book or lecture. i could study for days and still fail every test. he gets off subject in his lectures which makes it hard to pay attention to. if you must take bio at TAMU, do NOT take McKnight...you'll be sorry if you do.
                
                   Terrible professor. Exams are neither from the book nor the lecture. Cannot stay on topic and refuses to answer questions he considers "too basic". Told our class that failing exam meant we were not intelligent enough for college but over half the class failed. If you must take Bio at TAMU, do not take from McKnght.
                
                   Biology in general is very hard at A&M. Take it somewhere else. This prof in general like the others is hard and only 10-15% will make A's. He does not know how to teach and attending class is pointless. Study and memorize the book. Tests are quite difficult but he'll curve the class in the end. If you have an 87+ you'll  probably make an A.
                
                   He tries to explain things but you can't ask a question about EVERYTHING he says. A LOT of it is up to you, and the SIs for his class don't help
                
                   Do NOT, I repeat, DO NOT take this professor. His exams are based on the &quot;best answer&quot; when he gives you at least 2 solid good answers...so basically you'll never get an A. He feels entitled because he's been a professor for so long. Run away now while you still can.
                
                   Exams don't match up with lectures at all! 40 mult. choice questions. Reading the book isn't required, but you should.
                
                   Tests were not over the lecture just make sure that you read and study the learning objectives from every angle possible. Was extremely boring in lecture and goes off on tangents!
                
                   You cant hear him if your sitting not sitting very close and he says &quot;uhh&quot; after every word which makes it difficult to concentrate on anything but that.
                
                   He was a very good prof.  He really understood the material, taught the material really well, and always answered questions.  He's easy to get a hold of.  His tests aren't too difficult if you read the material and pay attention in the lectures and during the lab.
                
                   HE'S test were HARD!!! Didn't match up with the lectures.
                
                   The class lectures and the tests didn't really coincide. The exams were all essay with only 10-15 questions. The final was the only thing that saved this class.
                
                   tests were graded very inconsistently and were not representative of material taught in the course, although I use the word taught loosely.  Dr. McKnight's lectures generally consist of him standing in front of the class reading off of overheads.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Nice guy, just not a good prof. His lectures are super boring and long- all 40 slide powerpoints made up mostly of pictures so it's hard to take notes. Tricky tests w short answers and essay questions that covers material not even talked about in class. 
                
                   DO NOT TAKE HIM. Hardest class I have ever had. I made over 200 flash cards for each exam covering EVERY word of the lectures and still only got an 80 as my highest grade. Take someone else. He made me hate the ocean. He is also very monotone.
                
                   She was a great professor!!! I would recommend her to anyone, just make sure you come to class with your materiel or she will embarrass you in front of the entire class.
                
                   It's very easy to get an A in her lab class so long as you show up to class and remain attentive.  She's very good at explaining the material and has a vested interest in your success in her class.  
                
                   She is seriously the nicest professor on campus, she helps you on your daily work, is always there to talk to if you don't understand something whether it be through email or by phone, she helps you review for upcoming tests in Schultz's Geology class, and she is just an amazing woman and I wish I had a professor like her in all of my classes!
                