
                   Dr. Doyle was a great instructor. He had lots of real world advise on being a therapist and graded fair. He is also willing to work with you on missed exams. He expects lots of class participation and facilitates great class discussions. Exams or not hard if you read and study lecture notes. I enjoyed his class Family Therapy.
                
                   Amazing instructor. His grading style is extremely laid back and it would be near impossible to fail this class, but I learned more from him that any other course (that claims to be more insightful and book intensive) that I have taken. Only take the class if you're willing to participate and be insightful. 
                
                   Great
                
                   She gives alot of work but will work with you so you can complete things and understand things. Great teacher!
                
                   she is a good teacher kind of hard but you will learn
                
                   Dr. Fleming is an expert in Family Play Therapy. It is her specialty. She is highly competent, thorough, caring, and helpful. It was a pleasure to be in her class. She's great!
                
                   Don't Waist your time with taking this Instructor. Sometimes the school will not list her as a choice. But if you get her RUN!! She lacks the ability to teach the material properly. If you like to get read to like a child chapters for 3-4 hours she is the one. DONT Waist your time and your money. She is a complete airhead. Poor,Instruction.
                
                   Used YouTube as a learning resource, first time a professor used YouTube in my learning career, very interesting but I thought was creative. We did a lot of group work and participation only opened up the discussion for more questions and answers. Very knowledge, and empathic and genuine, she truly wants her students to be successful.
                
                   Dr. De Vries is a wonderful professor, she is really helpful and very approachable.  She really cares about her students and their success!  I was so nervous about taking research, however she helped me every step of the way.  She is awesome!  
                
                   She is a Wonder full Instructor there is no hidden agendas simply do the assignments on time. If your having trouble she does well with explaining your deficiency and gets you back on track. For you to fail her research course you simply have to just not do the work. Thanks for getting me through this with as less pain as possible..
                
                   By far the best professor that I've had! He is so knowledgeable about the subject matter and he tries to keep the whole class engaged. Tests are not hard, just have to study and ask LOTS of questions.I loved his class!!!
                
                   Extremely well informed and organized. An intellectual and one to learn practical applications of theory and abnormal from.
                
                   Love Dr. Peters' sense of humor. He keeps class so interesting with stories and examples that 2 hours flies by. Absolutely the best teacher in the counseling department. Take him if you want to learn and be informed.
                
                   Very fascinating, entertaining, really breaks things down into practical terms & case studies.
                
                   Greatest teacher ever! Loved his classes, he is extremely bright and charismatic
                
                   Great class and Easy
                
                   
                
                   The final is a comprehensive take home exam, but it is not as scary as it sounds. Pay attention in class and take notes from her slides, and you will do great in her class. I will happily be taking her again!
                
                   She comes off as mean but she really does care about your success.
                
                   A very intelligent, helpful professor with a ton of knowledge to share. Explains things with concrete examples and is open for discussion in lectures.
                
                   This professor was very insightful - had a lot of prior experience within the field and taught prior at UTSA. The test were VERY book intensive.  I felt you had to know the book word for word. So def read, read, read! DO NOT SKIM EITHER! He may skip around in the PowerPoints, or just overall skip a slide, but truly I believe he enjoys his job.
                
                   Dr. Hinojosa works really hard to prepare her  students for success.  She provides positive feedback. Does not let anyone slack off.  She is fair and let's you know what a great job you are doing. She is proud of her hard work and she inspires her students to be proud of theirs. She loves when people participate. Definitely take her class!    
                
                   She is a caring professor that wants you to learn as much as possible by getting to know yourself before getting into the field.
                
                   I'm so thankful for teachers like Dr. Hinojosa, who challenge and inspire their students to strive and attain their goals and dreams. She is culturally sensitive, highly ethical, approachable and helpful, and genuine. She sincerely cares about her students and works hard to empower them. She's awesome!
                
                   Tamara is a bit full of her self she is a wolf in sheep's clothing. She grades hard, expects high attendance, and demands a lot of respect from her students when she offers none. She prides her self on her education as a Latino who made it out of the getto and is stuck up for it. If you want an A be ready to work hard for it she is not helpful.
                
                   You will be expected to read your book, read various interesting articles, write a paper and do a presentation. She is fascinating to listen to and specializes in working with refugees.
                