
                   He was so thorough. He gave you everything you needed to pass, you just needed to study. He really knew his material. I learned so much from him.
                
                   Took him for 317 and 118 and enjoyed both classes. Some was because he is so hot couldnt keep my eyes off of him and the other is that he is a good teacher but you have to study to get through 118. Cant think its just an easy class to pass.
                
                   Very good teacher.  I'd recommend him to anyone.
                
                   Tests can be a nightmare, and he makes you work. However, he's always there to help and is an expert in Reproductive Physiology. You can tell his passion for what he does. He is hilarious and lectures can even be entertaining!
                
                   Awesome TeaCher!
                
                   He makes you earn your grade, and expects participation and group work. However, Dr. Harp is a genius about Horticulture and will do anything he can for his students. If you fail, it's your fault. He's a great professor.
                
                   Not a good instructor, very distracting with nervous twitches.
                
                   Incredibly knowledgeable professor with a borderline photographic memory.  His classes are hard but you'll learn a lot and his lectures are always interesting.
                
                   I took this class online and it was a very helpful and informative class when it comes to looking for AG jobs after getting your degree. She was very clear on what her expectations were even for an online class. A very beneficial class.
                
                   She does a really great job at helping you understand the material. Her door is always open if you have any questions.
                
                   Dr. Lopez is an extraordinary professor. His lectures are informative and helpful. Pay attention in class and his exams will be simple. He explains material both in class and in his office. Take this professor! Book is not needed to make an A. Expect a quiz each week, quizzes consist of material discussed during the previous lecture.
                
                   I think the guy is cool.  He seems to like his class n be fair.  He is young but prepared. I liked it.
                
                   Very good teacher. Actually is the best teacher I have ever had. Make sure you attend class and put forth effort. You will get a good grade in return.
                
                   Excellent new professor.  The difficulty level of his course depends on whether you do your part in taking notes and reading the text book.  He is very fair in his grading.
                
                   Dr. Cooper is pretty great. He is a new professor so he is just figuring out his teaching style and the materials he uses. You get what you earn in his class though, so study hard!
                