
                   If you need a KINE 199 class, take Anne!! She is a motherly figure and truly cares about her students physical health. Very understanding if you have to leave class early, or if something comes up. We had to research 9 "health related" articles and write a summary over them, but you have the entire semester to do them. I highly recommend her!
                
                   I took Anne for KINE 120 Strength Training. She is the nicest professor you will ever meet. She actually cares about her students and won't let anyone down. There is 14 quizzes all semester over chapters in the book that you can take whenever you want. We didn't take 1 test all semester. It was an easy A.
                
                   She never grades, so it's hard to gauge where you are in the class. We never actually danced either, it was a lot of classroom "science" work. 
                
                   I loved Prof Strong. She had moments where she seemed mad or could be a little rude but it usually changed as class progressed. Her goal for the class is to maintain a stress-free environment and I  think she succeeds. The class is fun and  she makes an effort to get to know you personally. It's definitely an easy science credit.
                
                   I love Professor Strong. Her class was very fun and interesting. She always tried to encourage students to find inspiration through movement. She took us to several locations around the campus and made it exciting. This was my favorite class this semester. She was very sweet and an easy grader. 
                
                   I took her class as a senior & I thought It'd be fun, but I was wrong. She is very rude & unprofessional. She has a BS in Biology, yet seems uneducated & careless when lecturing. When you ask a simple question in class or say something she doesn't agree with, she looks at you like you're stupid. I would strongly advise you to stay away.
                
                   At the beginning of this semester, Strong was very nice. As the semester progressed, if we had any problems with our online assignments she would ignore us meaning that was a 0 for your assignment. There was a major personality change and I don't know why but I would recommend this prof to anyone who wants to really enjoy this class.
                
                   At the beginning of the class she seemed awesome then towards the middle had a major personality change. She is rude to students, unclear and nit picky in grading, and refused to give the Wednesday before Thanksgiving off. If you don't have to, don't take her class.
                
                   Takes her KINE classes waaay too seriously. Good thing I took passfail or I would have gotten a C in a dance class when i've been dancing for 5 years. Ridiculous
                
                   She is extremely unhelpful. She seemed really cool at the beginning of the semester, then turned very rude near the middle. The quizzes that are required for this class are terrible, and it should be an easy class, but its not. Don't take her class.
                
                   He is super nice and easy. He is also very funny and is willing to play with his students, not just sit around.
                
                   this is a half online, half workout class. the weekly online quizzes are so hard even if you read all of 40+ pages assigned and watch all three of the 10 minute videos. She doesn't care to help you at all. Very young grad school professor. Would not take her again..
                
                    I took Chelsea for  aerobic run and I enjoyed the class a lot. The tests include 2 timed 1 miles and 2 timed 2 miles along with a take home final at the end of the semester.  The other major assignment includes logging your workouts throughout the week to help write weekly reflections and a semester reflection. Improve and participate for an A.
                