
                   Grades significantly harder than other professors on communal exams, doesn't explain things well, office hours are a joke.
                
                   Most arrogant &unhelpful professor Ive had. A quarter of our class dropped&most people got Cs or worse. He acts annoyed to see you in office hrs. If you need hw help there is only a help session for random problems he gives,not even hw problems. No solutions given for the practice tests. Test avgs were at least 20 points lower than the other profs.
                
                   Yikes! This guy seems nice at first. Made some dry jokes but he seemed like he'd be patient and helpful.... NOT! He relied HEAVILY on the book and most people stopped coming to class because he copied (word-for-word) from the textbook. Teach yourself but come to class. Study ahead of time. His tests are challenging and he doesn't give extra time.
                
                   The worst professor I have ever had. Some of the material on the second exam was not even covered at all! Lectures do not at all prepare you for the homework. Every time someone hands in homework a minute late, he goes on this long speech on how it is good to get partial credit than nothing at all, gets annoying.  Hoping for a good curve. Avoid him
                
                   He isn't a nice person, and he doesn't like students. His class presentations are unorganized, and his powerpoint presentations are blurry and impossible to read.
                
                   He doesn't teach well, and he doesn't explain the material. The slides in his class presentations are unreadable, and most of the material on the exams isn't covered in class. He is a mean person, and he doesn't care about students.
                
                   The best professor you can ever get. He's an expert in the area of process integration. Very humble, very smart professor who knows how industry works. If you are interested in process design/synthesis/integration, don't miss his class.
                
                   He's very friendly. Well organized materials. Each session was conducted with clear explanation + examples and cross link to fundamental knowledge from other courses.
                
                   Top of his field. Upbeat and very friendly.
                
                   She writes on the board what is in the book - word for word. She works examples in the book from the book solution, so you could have stayed home and learned as much. Exams are very dissorganized. She uses 20 min to hand out exams of the 85 minutes allowed. NOBODY can finsish. Even if you know the answer, you can't write fast enough.
                