
                   He really does help you out if you take a moment to ask. Dr. Mac is really great at giving good advice 
                
                   This class is very very easy,exept for that final project that actually requires work. He's not so strict, but honestly doesn't help much with other classes. Usually makes your team do a powerpoint covering a topic that's gonna be on a test and makes you show it to class. Have patience, he sometimes asks irritating questions.
                
                   Dr. Mac is awesome! He is very clear whenever instruction is given on assignments, he really cares about his students and their success, and he makes a boring (some would say useless) class pretty fun! He focuses on preparing you for your future and genuinely cares about his students. Take him if you can! Best seminar teacher by far.
                
                   The man really cares.  He speaks the truth, so trust him.
                
                   Easy enough class but if you disagree with him, he doesn't forget it.
                
                   i loved seminar but of course its not a very fun course.  excited i will have him next semester.
                
                   easy. laid-back. just like another student.
                
                   Easy teacher!!! I have him for First-Year Seminar and it is a pretty-laid back class. Grades easy on portfolios if you write how he specifies and he always does beforehand. Gives grades for participation sometimes, so go every class. Gives reviews before tests. Very helpful when it comes to giving advice on surviving freshman year.
                
                   She's very fun and there's no way you can't make a 100 in seminar. Also, she posts a lot of helpful study guides, tips for stuff like registering for the first time, and even fun little articles she finds out. The seminar class is very long, so if you want to enjoy a seminar definitely take her!
                
                   ALWAYS WILLING TO HELP AND GIVES GREAT ADVICE.
                