
                   Really sweet lady and great prof. Very clear when explaining things.
                
                   Amazing Professor!  Love Dr Cothran
                
                   Awful professor, especially now that the lab is a separate grade from the class itself.
                
                   I personally loved Dr. Ellison. He is a little strange at first, but he tries to make things fun. His tests are straight from the practice exams at the back of the notes packet, which I would HIGHLY recommend buying. He gives two weekly reviews, and they are exceptionally helpful if you attend them. I ended up with an A in this course.
                
                   Terrible lecturer. After the first test, he goes crazy in lecture - I have no idea how lecture/notes relate to the tests, or where he gets some of the vocabulary. You have to go to the reviews if you ever want to know what is going on. Luckily labs are actually helpful in this class. Don't take this prof if you actually want to learn the material.
                
                   He holds review sessions every week and goes through the old exams. Lab is easy and fun, no final in it. Quizzes every week but they aren't difficult. Non-comprehensive final. Only need the printed lab and slides notes from copy corner.
                
                   He is ALWAYS willing to help, just go to his office. Quizes weekly, but go to REVIEWS and he'll do the problems for you.  TESTS he allows 1 page of CHEAT NOTES. Pretty easy, just go to weekly reviews.
                
                   Do NOT need to buy book, but can help on VOCAB for TESTS. NEED to buy CLASS NOTES. Class allows 1 page of notes for EACH TEST. Lab part of class is boring. Quizes weekly in lecture, and every other week in lab. For LAB READ AHEAD, and STUDY for QUIZES.
                
                   I honestly did not learn anything in this class. Dr. Johnson is a really nice professor except he isn't the best at lecturing. He speaks to the board when he lectures and throws random formulas on the board. The book is not easy to understand at all. If you do not need to take this class I would advise against taking it.
                
                   If you really want to learn something ask him, he have all the answers. Great Teacher
                
                   He prints out his powerpoints and hands out free copies...for the whole class...EVERY FRIGGIN DAY!  That's amazing.  His material isn't the easiest ever, but wake up and taste the PTC.  This is college genetics.  If you can't study by now, nothing short of Mr. Miyagi taking over 4.0 and Go will save you.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   His optional final is cool.  He also has no full day exams.  Seven quizs through out the semester, you get to drop 2 I think.  Sounds easy&#63;  No, his quizes are extremely difficult (hardest as you approach end of sem).  Very detailed and ambiguously worded questions.  Also quizs don't follow lecture
                
                   I personally ended up dropping his class-- many people have different reviews on Dr. Magill but personally I thought his lectures were long and boring. He has used the same overhead notes for probably decades and with science being such an evolving field-- I'd personally rather take this class and get something out of it with a different professor.
                
                   He is very creative when making his exams, you'll never know how he'll ask you a question, but thank goodness for partial credit and his curved grading! KNOW the study guide and complete the two given practice exams.  Do not leave ANYTHING blank on the exams, guess if you have to. 
                
                   He does not, and possibly has never taught the material covered in this course. I'll say that again,he will not teach you the course material. You have to teach it to yourself. He will give at least a 50% curve, without which no one would pass. If you're interested in learning the material take a BIMS version, at least they teach the material.
                
                   He does not, and possibly has never taught the material covered in this course. I'll say that again,he will not teach you the course material. You have to teach it to yourself. He will give at least a 50 % curve, without which no one would pass. If you're interested in learning the material take a BIMS version, at least they teach the material. 
                
                   Magill is a great professor, He gives practice exams and study guides that are helpful. I would definately take him again
                
                   Lecture is dull but his notes are useful. He puts his old exams online and they are very helpful for tests. You have 5 test grades and he takes the top 4 and gives monster curves on every test. Go to his review sessions, read the notes and I encourage going to lecture and an A is definitely achievable!
                
                   Nice guy but tests are impossible. He curves so much and is willing to help.
                
                   He's nice, the class is interesting and he curves the tests A LOT. I just read over the notes and I got a B. So if you try, not too hard of an A.
                