
                   If you put in the work you'll get an A. Help out the radio station or SID four times and do four game highlights or simulated play-by-plays. Two tests which he'll send you the notes you need to study for. Would definitely take again if I could.
                
                   Dr. Dempsey is a really good guy, but at times he can be a bit boring in lecture. If you regularly show up and take notes you'll get an A. Only 4 tests plus weekly quizzes which is the only time you'll need book. If you need a credit as a non film major this will definitely help your GPA. Always available if you need help.
                
                   Dr. Dempsey is a great professor! He knows the material and teaches it well. He explains things thoroughly and all answers questions. He is clear about assignments and is one of the best professors I've had during my college career. I actually love showing up for his lectures!
                
                   Wonderful and thoughtful professor!  This professor will help you and actually teach you! 
                
                   You will write something daily in this class but He will always give great constructive criticism on how to improve. If you need an RTV class Dr. Dempsey is a beast!
                
                   He gives outstanding feedback on how to improve work, very helpful and clear cut on his material. what is a textbook for this class? He will do a solid review of what will be on his tests. Hella good needs to do more teaching wise that's the man!
                
                   Dr. Dempsey is a great teacher, but you probably won't like him if you're not a journalism or RTV major. We rarely used the book in his class. He prefers hands on experience. He's very knowledgeable and you can learn a lot from him if you care. Quizzes and tests are simple as long as you study and take notes.
                
                   Really Easy teacher...VERY ANNOYING though...he studders and repeats the same stuff alot but it really is an easy &quot;A&quot;...Never needs the book...lots of extra credit opportunities even though you probably won't need them. Quiz every class thats like three questions but he gives you the answers if you pay attention. Quiz after each lecture. Easy test
                
                   Dr. Dempsey is super easy going and laid back. He can be a bit boring after the first few weeks of settling in the class. NEVER uses a text book even though he has always emphasized getting it. Grading is lenient. Pretty much gives the answers or does a full test review. Just turn things in on time and you're good!
                
                   Dr. Demars is most likely the worst professor in the history of the profession.  He will not answer your questions, return any emails, or treat you like you are a human being.  I do not understand why he is still employed by Texas A&M University-Commerce, but I guess it is not for me to understand.  I would NEVER want anyone to endure this torture!
                
                   Honestly his course outline sucks and he changes things on it at the last minute. He says one thing and then another the next. Honestly just avoid him at all cost.
                
                   Knows what he's doing, but doesn't explain why something is wrong and doesn't taje much time out to help or instruct hands on. 
                
                   You have to constantly check his outline. There are weekly quizzes, sometimes more than one. If you don't do the assigned reading, you will fail the class. There's a good chance you can't avoid taking his classes. Good luck.
                
                   I had the worst experience of my college career with this instructor.  He talks down to his students, and gives no positive feedback.  He changes assignments frequently and with no warning. If you ask for clarification or help with an assignment he makes you feel stupid for asking.  Do not take any class with him unless you have to, and then pray! 
                
                   Never clear on anything.  I had a horrible experience in his courses.  
                
                   He goes on in classes about something totally different than what he will make a quiz or test, he is the LAZIEST and will avoid answering questions then send you to ask a different student for the answer rather than answer it himself. If you are in RTV as a major just go to UTA and save yourself a headache. He is the worst teacher in history.
                
                   He gave negative criticism on following what he said by using Wix for example and tells everyone it looks like a template when that site is a template, did a very poor job explaining what he wanted, left many of the students confused and just used videos off youtube to teach how to do the things he wanted rather than knowing himself.
                
                   If you don't check the outline and syllabus regularly, you're gonna have a bad time. His quizzes are timed (usually 5 to 10 minutes) so you need to memorize the material from the book. It's impossible to get a clear answer from him. Unless you're a broadcast journalism major, I would avoid taking this professor at all costs.
                
                   Check his website he updates the Outline for the class often. DO not take unless you have too. Deadlines are a must will count off if he will even take it. He leaves topics open just have to make sure he approves of topic.
                
                   Highly recommended. thsi guy knwos his stuff and is fun also
                
                   Spaulding is the man. A regular bad ass and he has great knowledge of art (especially photography)
                