
                   TAKE THIS CLASS! He was by far the nicest and easiest prof I've had. Gives you tons of extra credit opportunities. He's hilarious and very sweet! An easy A if you just show up! His test questions come straight for the homework questions, which are not a grade.
                
                   I LOVED THIS CLASS! He was super hilarious and his lectures are easy to listen to. His tests are easy if you take notes in class. He also tells you what will be on the  test. He is very approachable and will take the time out to try to make you understand. He clearly loves his job and he's a nerd for storm chasing :)
                
                   Super helpful and always open for questions. If you apply yourself you'll get a good grade. HW is not mandatory, gives extra credit opportunities. And overall a really nice/cool guy.
                
                   Test are multiple choice,truefalse, and  free response. Lectures are very straight forward and he gives test answers or questions during his lectures. 3 exams and a final only but he gives a lot of extra credit even if you get the wrong answer if he sees your effort he will give you the extra credit. Go to his office hours they're very helpful. 
                
                   Logan is the best professor I've had at A&M so far. He was so helpful and gave so much extra credit. He's so clear with what he's trying to say and is willing to help all day after class until you get it. His lectures are  really straight forward and everything from them are on the exams.
                
                   2 Tests, cumulative final and 11 quizzes. Didn't go to clas all semester and still made an A, reads off the slides in her lecture but also posts them online. tests and quizzes are all open book not hard to do well if you prepare yourself 
                
                   Dr. Bird is awesome, but you NEED to participate in class. His quizzes are 20% of your grade and they are just graded on participation.
                
                   Gives PowerPoint  handouts. Handouts have all of the lecture info. Tests are multiple choice and a few short answer questions. He is approachable and will help you if you ask.
                
                   Cammarata is a very kind professor but he expects a lot from you exam-wise. Rote memorization & regurgitation will not get you an A. Exams are difficult, they require you to critically think & connect various concepts. I skipped 50% of class but read the book to make up for it and I understood his power points well. Good professor if you're pre-med
                
                   His tests aren't hard if you go to the SI sessions or even just study what is on the review before the test. He gave extra credit in the beginning but people were copying each other on it so he stopped. He basically just reads off the slides the whole class with the exception of sometimes adding new information. Reading the book helps
                
                   His class was super interesting, I learned a lot. His lectures were from the book.  His extra credit assignments are really easy and very interesting. His home works were straight to the point. However his exams were pretty tough and long paragraphed questions! You really had to understand what was going on in class for you to get a good grade.
                
                   Easily one of the best lecturers and nicest personalities at TAMUCC. Has an expansive breadth of knowledge of biology and chemistry concepts. His lectures are thorough and captivating. The only draw back is the testing method. He expects interpretation and extrapolation. Book not necessary but helpful. Fairly open door policy and approachable.
                
                   Had him for molecular biology. I thought he was an excellent teacher, really knew the material and covered it thoroughly and patiently. Bought a book that I did not use, I only studied the notes. It really helps to be a strong note-taker, those who cannot take notes well and those who cannot listen will not do well. Will take again!
                
                   Terrible teacher. He had no idea what he was doing the entire semester and did not offer SI sessions to help.
                
                   His exams are killer. Our class of 150 averaged a 45 on the first two. He goes over his slides too fast to write down, but taking your book and following helps. If you put in the effort, you will do fine. "You have to know it all, you're a bio major." is what he said to me when asking for help. I really devoted my life to it to pass this class.
                
                   I took Botany from Cammarata in the spring of '11. He has begun using to stupid quizdom responders and does so everyday as he uses them to take attendance. Labs are boring and tedious. he tends to get off on tangent. we were several chapters behind the syllabus and never caught up. best part was planting stuff in lab and looking at under microscope
                
                   Horrible professor. The material isn't difficult, just don't bother going to class except on quiz days. He spends the entire time talking about lab and falls MONTHS behind of the syllabus. Just read the book and don't go to class and you will get the A.
                
                   Had him for genetics as a sophomore and cell bio, molecular bio and genomics/proteomics/bioinformatics as a senior. He IS hard. Very hard, but so is the course material. He's a very good teacher, always explains what he's going over very thoroughly and tries to make sure the class is keeping up. Study hard and you'll be okay
                
                   Yea this class is pretty tough only if you donot like to study or read. It is impossible to understand and stay awake during his lectures but if  you read each chapter and follow along in the book you should do great. Start studying a week before the exams use all resources and everything should go smoothly. I got an A!
                
                   I love genetics, but this guy made the class so boring!  I didnt have a choice in taking him either.  He mumbles and its hard to follow along sometimes.  He gives you a lot of very detailed information about certain things and his tests are super super hard.  Just reading and attending class probably wont be enough, you will have to meet with him and form study groups to make sure you get everything down.  He isnt very personable either, seems kinda like a loner or unsure of himself.  Take someone else!
                
                   Hardest class I took as a Bio major, he expects a lot but I did well.
                
                   It's a hard class but he is also a hard teacher.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   hes extremely difficult and his tests are killer
                
                   Took Dr. Chopin for Biological basis of aging, it was intense because it was a mini-mester. Its really fast paced, but the good part is that she gives you the essay prompts (2) before class begins so you can finish that weeks before class actually begins and you can turn in when they're due. Her test are easy as long as you studied! 
                
                   Ok teacher but bad personality. This class was for the ER internship. I was excited but all it is is handing out surveys to ER patients.  Easy A though & Cindy the assistant is very nice and helpful.
                
                   She's a great teacher, but her personality causes me stress. She's a little cranky.
                
                   She is clear about what she expects and I thought she was the easiest bio professor.
                
                   She was a great teacher. Very funny. Test not hard if you pay attention in class.
                
                   Dr. D is a doll. I was kind of intimidated by her at first because she takes her teaching seriously. But as I started asking her questions and going to her office hours,  I realized she cares about the success of her students. Yeah she will be tough on your but as a future Nurse, it doesn't get any easier. Micro is tough regardless GIRD YOUR LOINS
                
                   Go to SI sessions; Ask for help; Pay attention
                
                   Dr. Doyungan is a great professor who knows her material. She will provide everything you need to pass. It's up to you to use it. Make sure to print out her notes and take them to class. This will defintely help.  And follow along with her powerpoints. You will have to work for an A in this class, but that's for every science course.
                
                   Dr. Doyungan is great, especially for students majoring in a science! Her grammar is confusing on the tests but just ask her about the question; she will always help.
                
                   Absolutely unreal. This class was a huge wake up call. If you do not have your stuff together, you will not pass. She's not approachable. Struggling to even make a 70 in this class. If you don't understand things the first time things are said, then you will not get it. 
                
                   MicroBio was the easiest pre-nursing course that I have taken. Dr. D does an excellent job breaking down the material for students to understand. She provides lecture note, fill them out and you have the review for the exams (questions come straight off the lecture notes). Tons of extra credit in this course,  easily make an A.
                
                   Dr. D is absolutely AMAZING!  She gives you detailed lecture outlines that help you follow the class lecture and everything that are on the outlines is on the test!  In addition, she gives  you so many extra credit opportunities ! Dr. D's class is my FAVORITE class at TAMUCC.  
                
                   Great professor! Gives lecture notes for each powerpoint that you can use to follow along in class which is really helpful! Tests are easy if you study the lecture notes she provides. Doyungan is VERY approachable and sweet to her students. She makes the material easy to understand and straight to the point. I would definitely take her again!
                
                   Absolutely GREAT professor! LOVED her class. She's super sweet and very approachable. She does have an accent but she speaks in a way that is easy to understand (:  She provides lecture notes that you simply follow along and fill out in class. Tests are challenging but it is college and if you pay attention there shouldn't be a problem. Take her!(:
                
                   Doyungan is one of the best professors I have ever had. She has an accent but is very clear to understand. She makes students want to go to her lecture because of her funny, interesting personality. The class is not a blow-off class, but if you pay attention, study, and do your work as asked, you will pass. I would recommend anyone to take her!
                
                   SHE'S SO GREAT AND WONDERFUL AND YOU SHOULD TAKE HER CLASS IMMEDIATELY
                
                   She is a very nice lady, but she is very confusing and unorganized. NOT approachable. Lots of bonus opportunities, but overall probably the worst professor I have ever had here at TAMUCC. 
                
                   I was a little nervous about this class because I had heard from other students that it was a tough class. But I do have to say that the lab was 10X more complicated than the class. The professor Is Filipino so she can be somewhat difficult to understand, but other than that I thought she was thorough, funny, and taught in a way you can understand.
                
                   She's the cutest little lady I've ever met! She's from the Philippines so she has an accent which she acknowledges and uses for comedy when she sees the class skipping into daydreams. She's extremely knowledgable in bio and has no hesitation slowly repeating what you don't understand. She lets you know when there will be quizzes.
                
                   As long as you pay attention in lecture fill out the study guides you should do fine. She emphasizes majority of the  test and there are bonus opportunities so always pay attention. Her accent may be difficult to understand at times and face paced but I recommend her.
                
                   Pretty challenging course overall. Not an easy A. Print out the study guides and fill them out in lecture. STUDY THEM. Study every detail, she is very specific on tests. Homework on masteringbio is very easy. Lab is easy. BE SURE TO STUDY FOR LECTURE!! and go to the SI sessions!!!
                
                   Does not test over lecture information. Attendance is important, need a clicker.  Extra credit if you attend SI sessions.  SI is a big help. Horrible professor!
                
                   Very easy class. Practically all you need to do is show up, fill out the study guides, and study them to ace every test. If not a good test taker, then the in class quizzes will save your grade.
                
                   Amazing teacher! I loved taking her class. Her powerpoints are easy to follow. Her labs are pretty easy too.  The material itself is challenging but her class is not really because she goes over concepts numerous times so that you get it. Tests are over power points mainly. Attendance and Quizdom is a must because you get points for grades.
                
                   She is funny without even trying, she does have an accent but its better than taking the other bio class. She gives you study guides being them to class  and fill them in while in class.Study those guides OFTEN. Don't miss class because she gives quizzes everyday which are extra credit pts and bring your QUIZDOM every class!
                
                   Make sure to be clear on short answer questions. NEVER say "it". Attending class is a must for the participation and in class questions. Read the book and take good notes. Use lecture slides when he puts them up, read them beforehand.
                
                   Hard Professor to follow. Read each chapter more than once. Be sure to go to as many SI sessions as possible.
                
                   The worst teacher I have ever had in my whole school life! I passed his class but it hurt my GPA. The test are over stuff that was not talked about in SI or in class. If you have a weird thing for plants or if you are a girl take his class. If not,take any other class (Even if it is online). Do not take this class if you value your GPA!
                
                   heres the thing, this class is hard and Dr. Grise makes you work for the grade. you have to goto class and SI sessions. if you do not put in the effort you will  not do well in the class but if you try he will teach you great concept that will help you once you move to higher level courses. 
                
                   His class can be difficult but if you go to SI sessions and go to his office hours you should have no problem. The homework isn't too bad, it's all online and they're easy points. Be ready to answer questions in class(for points). Tests can be challenging so you do need to study. Over all the class was great. I would take his class again.
                
                   GO TO SI SESSIONS!!! While Dr. Grise is not very helpful, his SI instructors will save your grade! They basically tell you what is on every test. He is very particular in the way he wants you to answer his questions, so GO TO SI SESSIONS and learn what he wants you to say!
                
                   Basically the hardest class I've ever taken because of him. Every time i asked for help or if i asked a question, he would make me feel stupid. Along with many other people i knew in that class. Just don't do it. 
                
                   Everybody says he is too tough but he is actually very helpful if you talk to him. I don't think his assignments are too bad, I had him for 1406 and 1407. The TLA's can be tricky but his tests are straight from lectures and he gives a lot of hints of what to study. Overall I think he prepared me for my other BIO classes and I enjoyed his class.
                
                   Be sure to attend supplemental instruction at least once a week and attend every class if you want to do well.  If you're a female, you will get much more attention and assistance.  He lives plants!  If you pay attention, take notes, review slides, and attend and participate in SI sessions, there's no reason to fail this class.  Labs easy also.
                
                   He is a wonderful professor, you will have to work for your grade though. He is really helpful, just go talk to him and he will help with anything, he is all around a great guy. 
                
                   For a freshman biology class, we are being taught like we are graduate students. Transferred to another college in a different city and even my Anatomy professor could not believe what Grise made us do. This class is a weed out class but dont give up on yourselves. I made a C but still have a 3.0+GPA.
                
                   Wish I would have gone to SI Sessions. Grise is tough, but if you are willing to bust your book over your head and stay prepared, you'll get a B or higher. I made a high B in the class, if I would have went to SI and office hours, I could have gotten an A...
                
                   Let's see... He makes you think--HARD! You have to be a critical thinker, read A LOT, and go to class.I like the fact that he is excited about life and his work, but that enthusiasm is expected of you as well. If you do not find interest in plants, you're screwed. His lectures are hard to follow and forget your quizdom and you might as well go home
                
                   Gives a lot of tests with a lot of open ended questions. On this open ended questions, you have to answer them exactly how he wants them or he'll count them wrong. He gives TWO tests as his final which is a horrible thing to do. He is not understanding or nice. Basically if he thinks you don't know Biology, you are irrelevant and stupid to him. 
                
                   Grise is a good professor. He's going to get on your nerves but it's only bc he's making you actually try and think about the big picture. We do a good amount of group work. There's a lot of points to earn but don't let the little ones slip away. You will have to study. SI sessions really help so go to every one that you can.
                
                   Although he is a tough teacher he is always willing to help and very interactive with his students. Sometimes his lectures are hard to follow but he always puts his power points online that you can refer back to.
                
                   Grise does a great job at explaining materials and helping any student. Yet the tests are tough and you have to think outside the box. Do NOT procrastinate, you will fall behind and fail. Made a B in his class, yet spent many nights studying hardcore so be prepared. 
                
                   Great professor but is a tough class. The class is definitely worth taking with Dr. Grise. 
                
                   He will confuse you. SI leaders are waayy more helpful.  He hardly talks about actual biology or clearly explains his concepts. He assumes you know everything. If you feel confident about a test, do not believe that confidence. He puts stuff on the test you don't even go over in lecture or SI sessions.
                
                   Work for your grade. Show up for TLA's. Read the book - his lectures are about 30 minutes of him talking about himself and only 20 minutes of content.
                
                   DR. O was very hard, she was not helpful one bit. I barely made it with a D and many people dropped and some failed. I have never been so lost I was on the dean's list in the spring of 2015 and then I came to her class and got a D. She does not explain her material well, her exams were ridiculously hard and all she did was read from a power point. 
                
                   Might seem a little crass during lectures but go to her office hours and she'll explain the material clearly. Just keep up with the readings and understand the big picture concepts and an A shouldn't be  as hard as everyone makes it seem.
                
                   Many thought she was hard but honestly as long as you not only did the material but tried to understand WHY she would make you do them it wasn't so bad. Big step from BIOL 1406 for sure but quite manageable for a dedicated student.
                
                   She is a terrible teacher. I highly recomend taking genetics over the summer. in her spring 2010 class, 30% of 140 made a D (with a 5 point curve) 20% made a C. If you would like to keep your GPA high..dont take this teacher
                
                   garbage prof. yells more about cell phones and laptops than teaches. her husband Dr. Grise is the one who actually does all her work. some of the slides are the same from his class and some questions come from his tests. she's lazy, rude, and doesn't realize students have lives outside of her demands. Take the other prof during Summer
                
                   The absolute worst teacher I have ever had. I didn't think it was possible to take a relatively easy subject and turn it into a nightmare from hell, but she managed to do it. She is so off topic most of the time its scary and what is the point of the &quot;recitation&quot;&#63; Her teaching style is &quot;Well I understand this why don't you&#63;&quot; DONT TAKE FROM HER!!!!!
                
                   Worst teacher in TAMUCC History. No wonder no one I have come across is specializing in genetics. Very crass - treats the class like the high school kids she used to teach. Tests are VERY hard and seem completely unrelated to the class notes. &quot;Lab&quot; has no practical application, is useless for the tests, and she'll keep you there til the bell rings.
                
                   If you're taking Genetics, you've probably already taken Micro... I have only one thing to say: She made me miss Dr. Buck! You need to know every detail in the book, she doesn't cover all the stuff and tell you to read it. 3rd test is a killer even with a cheat sheet. I got an A but it was pure luck. She might be a genius but she's NOT a teacher!:(
                
                   Very difficult class. You have to read the textbook and teach yourself. The notes are very scattered, and the book is your lifesaver. Her tests are really difficult because you have to know little details.
                
                   She's an alright teacher. Class has somewhat gotten easier than before. Still have to read the book, more than anything and her notes still jump all over the place. But an easy  low B or  high C is a very reachable grade.
                
                   She is very hard.  When she talks she takes a subject that shouldnt be hard to undsand and makes it imposable.  Her notes are jumpy and her lectures are boring.  She is the perfect example of a really bad teacher.  Sence she is the only genetics teacher on A&M CC. Good luck,  You are going to need it!!!!
                
                   She wiped the floor with my ass.  She is a population geneticist, who focuses on details that none of us will need, unless, of course, we aim to become population geneticists.  Her exam policy is take it early, or take it with everyone else, so beware.  Also, she doesn't give out weekly quizzes anymore.  The class average this semester is a 62.
                
                   her notes are incomplete and jump around...her tests are killer (class avg. was generally a 55)...they focus on minute details that are encrypted in the notes.... and she gives weekly quizzes that unless you memorize the book/and her notes you cant pass, i managed to pull an A, but i had to work my ass off for it
                
                   You will need a Ph D to get an A on the tests. She overwhelms you with information and has very little compasion for her students.She knows what she is talking about, but expects you to already know too. If you have her start praying!!
                
                   It's more like taking a graduate class, she's very intense with the material and expects you learn too much for a general biology course, even if you're not a bio major.  she can also be somewhat degrading toward other people's interests.
                
                   I took Mr. Silva for Professional skills, there is a lot of homework but it is there to build up your skills and knowledge of the professional world.  We had two presentations which weren't hard unless you should don't like to speak in front of  the class and one test, the final.
                
                   This class is really difficult. She obviously knows the subject very well, she just does not do a good job of teaching it. Her lectures are very unclear, and all over the place.
                
                   Hardcore is an understatement but she knows her stuff and gives it to you better than any other science prof at TAMUCC. Very thorough but she wants us to get all we can out of her lectures. She rocks but don't take her unless you plan on studying your ass off. Her tests make you think and use what you've learned
                
                   Love Dr. Thomas. She is VERY challenging but she keeps me engaged and it makes me try harder to do better. She's a great teacher but I would only recommend you take her if you're serious about the class. She makes you bust your butt
                
                   This is the second class I have taken with Dr. Thomas.  Her class is challenging; however, if you attend the classes and read the book you will pass.  Put simply, if you plan to go on to graduate school or med school, her class will prepare you for the challenge; however, if you are the type of student looking for an easy ride try Dr. Posey.
                
                   i dropped this class...she is CRAZY HARD dont take her if you dont have to!
                
                   She teaches at a very quick pace during her lectures, not leaving much time for questions. Her tests are also TYPE K and are insanely difficult. I was very interested in this class before taking it and am now totally discouraged.
                
                   Good
                
                   good notes, pay attention, go over the notes, shouldnt be to bad
                
                   No Comments
                
                   I suck at Biology, yet the way he explained everything enabled me to earn an A in his class. Take him over anyone else!
                
                   he has good lectures and gives you most of the notes
                
                   He was a great teacher, very personable!
                
                   No Comments
                
                   so cute and funny to watch
                
                   Total cutie and great professor.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   He is a really Great teacher! He is very smart and knows what he is talking about! He keeps the class entertained and if I could take him for all my Bio classes I would!
                
                   Prof. Smee is a great teacher. Makes biology interesting and is very willing to go over concepts that are not clear to people. Going to class is a must because there are daily quizzes but they really help you study and help your grade. He offers review sessions before most exams and the exams aren't bad if you study his slides and notes. Take him!!
                
                   Smee was a GREAT teacher. he is wry easy to understand and gives lots of great real world examples. He even caught the girl who was CHEATING of off me! Thank God! I highly recommend him.
                
                   Very interesting teacher, easy to approach...must study for quiz/test to do good
                
                   great lecturer, but ecology isnt my thing...at least he's funny
                
                   Excellent teacher! I enjoyed this class and I hate science. Would recommend him to anyone!
                
                   Difficult tests. Easy to follow. The jokes he throws at random not only keep you entertained, but more importantly, they keep you from losing focus. Very informative and I feel like I learned many valuable things in his course. I now have the desire to explore the world and visit different habitats and discover species that I've never seen before.
                
                   This professor made it easy to come to class and to enjoy being there. He made it easy to understand the material and succeed in the class.
                
                   He is indeed a teacher that delivers an abundant amount of useful information, and you really do need to study for the class. I would take any courses taught by him and he has some good humor.
                
                   Dr. Smee is awesome--but I'm also a science major. Learned tons in both his Biology 2 and Ecology classes. He's not easy, and you need to study for his tests, but you'll learn a bunch.
                
                   Great Professor. Was willing to go over topics the students didn't fully understand. Very easy to talk to. He made it very interesting and would review with us before each test. I would highly recommend taking his class.
                
                   My favorite teacher at TAMU!
                
                   Best BIO prof @ TAMUCC..extremely approachable and willing to help. Schedules test reviews based on what time is good for the class. Definitely makes things interesting and fun! One of the few professors that I will remember!
                
                   was a great teacher and would take him again if provided the opportunity
                
                   Is very clear about what he will test over. He is an ecologist so if your interests lie there he is a good match. Attendance is not mandatory but if you miss a quiz you can't make it up. The best bio teacher at TAMUCC. If you don't like him, it's your fault.
                
                   Great guy and great prof! If you're a decent student and don't show up late then you'll love him, he makes all of the concepts clear and encourages discussion and intelligent questions.
                
                   very good sense of humor, made biology interesting and always interjected moments of comic relief
                
                   Answers all our questions to his best ability and let us have discussion time.
                
                   Dr. Smee is amazing. Go to class and study the notes and slides and you will be very successful. His requirements are clearly set out. He is EXTREMELY approachable for any questions!!
                
                   Does not use the book much, his tests could be better
                
                   Wow does he go fast He expects all the students to already know what he is talking about from previous classes and he stuffs his lectures so full its impossible to follow. He also talks very fast and doesn''t enunciate very well so it''s kind of hard to hearunderstand what he''s saying. He doesnt lecture so that you understand the topic.
                
                   It was a lot of hard work and I couldn't have made the grade I did without the lab and extra credit. I recommend writing notes in outlines on your laptop, what he says and what's on the ppt. Take pictures of the ppt too. Go over your notes, everything he says can and will be a question. Research "wrong" answers to get up to 6 pts back on exams.
                
                   READ!  I felt so behind in the class because i did not read, if I had I may have made a B.  To make an A you should have some knowledge of anatomy.  He gives back up to 8 points on each test and your final can replace all three lecture exams if it is more beneficial to you.  just READ!
                
                   Lecture exams include a lot of minutiae from the huge textbook, things he says in lectures not in the notes, and are overall difficult. The lab has a LARGE amount of information you need to learn. Get old lecture exams and use them as reviews. Use youtube videos for the lab practical. Only study what they put on the manual for the lab. HARD class
                
                   guy is funny, super smart, and willing to teach you. 3rd different class ive had with him and i dont regret it at all, planning on a 4th. you can argue your test grades up if you can prove your thought. twice the professor of any i've had here or anywhere else. get old tests, work hard in understanding labs and you'll make an A
                
                   This guy rocks!  There is no question he is intelligent and to boot he allows you to argue your answers (within reason).  My class was able to earn a letter grade back on nearly every exam.  He makes you think and rewards effort!  That is exactly what a professor should do.  No one can complain about their grade.  You earn what you deserve.
                
                   Great professor his dry humor definitely takes getting used too, i recommend him ...my only qualm is his very subjective grading policies
                
                   He is a very boring teacher. And he doesn't really help much when it come to reviewing for the test.
                
                   ****ED!!!  but he is cool and he helps out a lot.... hes very passionate about evolution but once that section is over the class is very easy...
                
                   interesting, very informative
                
                   he sucks! he argues his point even if he's wrong
                
                   This guy is a jerk!
                
                   No Comments
                
                   I highly recommend this professor. He's a cool guy. All the notes that he gives you, is on the test. Study the notes very well and you'll do great on the exams.
                
                   I really liked taking Mozzachiodi. He was awesome. He let me use his book when I didn't have one. He is very helpful. I really enjoyed taking his class. Yes he does have an accent but he is always willing to help you if you need help. Wish he taught more classes.
                
                   Good teacher. Has a pretty thick accent but it's cool to listen to. He makes copies of all powerpoints and they are available before every lecture. His tests are all from these notes, which are directly from the book. Don't skip class, as he uses pop quizzes as attendance grades.
                
                   Very boring class. But if you pay attention and take notes you will be fine.
                
                   Very boring to listen to him talk and ramble on, but if you attend class and take his notes you will do well. Exams come directly from notes. I would recommend getting notes from someone in an earlier semester, then adding on to their notes so you dont miss anything he says.
                
                   (Evolution class) Very intelligent, comprehensible instructor. Class consists of taking lecture notes. His lecture is conversational and I think interesting. Little to no book use or visual aid, so may not be good for visual learners. Some may find class monotonous. Tests were sole grade, dropped the lowest. Easy enough A. Will take him again.
                
                   Dr. Cook is very interesting, very old school in teaching, no lecture notes, we didn't use the book, he sits and talks and you copy the things he says (he stresses importance of particular subjects, words, people he wants you to know for exams) He drops your lowest exam out of 3. awesome guy
                
                   Vastly under-rated professor.  Always willing to help and a marvel in the field.  Sure the lectures can get long, it's an old school style of oration, but you can't deny his perception skills and detailed orientation. In the office/lab you'll realize the lifetime of experience he has.  Also, he admits when/if he is wrong (which is not often).
                
                   Dr. Cook is a good professor. His tests come mostly from what he talks about in class. This is the case for parasitology. Take notes and study them well, use the textbook as something to look over and you should do good on the tests. In med. entomology the only assignment you have is to do a presentation and a project assignment. I recommend ++.
                
                   Very easy teacher. Almost fell asleep a few times, but generally very good. Follow what he says when he lifts his glass up write down what he's about to say generally it's almost always on a test!!!! Very easy!
                
                   Dr. Buck is in my opinion a great professor. He is tough, and his tests are savage. You will need to work hard to even pass. However, the material is not hard, but there is a lot of it and its your job to connect it all and memorize it. Also, Dr. Buck's knowledge may be intimidating at times, but he is always happy to help.
                
                   The questions on the exams are different from what you study from lectures 
                
                   Dr. Buck is probably one of the best professors I've ever taken. He's hilarious, engaging, and RIDICULOUSLY smart. Don't skip class, study your ass off, pay attention, read the handouts, maintain a AB in lab, and you'll be fine. I hardly ever read the book and went to 2 SI's all semester, & I made an B. Bruce was my SI and he was horrible. 
                
                   read the chapter before class and revise your notes after. the material is not difficult its remembering and putting everything together that is. just remember its not going to get any easier if you are a bio/pre-professional major.
                
                   sit in front if possible...its better to be closer to hear him and get his full attention.Attend every class. Read before every class.Go to his office hours if something was confusing in class.make flash cards, read the handouts and power points more than the book. form study groups! other than that you should do fine I received a B!
                
                   Dr. Buck knows his stuff but he was HARD! Study everything...if he takes the time to mention a small detail from a diagram in the book or something specific not in the book during his lectures make a note of it and study it for the test because he will ask about it.  So glad I passed with a C and did not have to repeat the class
                
                   Amazing professor!
                
                   Don't take a hard course.Keep up with the material every class. Go to the SI sessions. Questions from the book that aren't in his notes are low yield (1-2 per test). Reading still helps you understand the material better making it easier to memorize. Get the handouts down as soon as you get them. Use mnemonics on the bigger lists of bacteria/fungi
                
                   best prof eva!!! and funny 2 made me laugh evry day. i wish i could take him agen.
                
                   Most influential educator in my life. Had for Micro,imuno,medmicro,& viro. Hands down most entertaining, approachable and challenging  professor ever. You will learn, you'l sweat, you'l bleed, cry, whine, get angry and frustrated with his tests, BUT, you will laugh at his goofy ass and you will find out if you have it in you to be a science major.
                
                   Gregory Buck: Great Proffesor. Greater Friend. This man will surely be the best professor you have ever had, he makes his exams difficult but he does it because he cares about you learning. Did I mention he was smokin' hot?
                
                   Quite possibly the most difficult professor I have ever taken. Had to study my ass off just to pass. He makes his test nearly impossible to pass and focuses on the minutiae. Offers extra credit about 5-8 times and lab will help to save your grade. The class average on the final was 86/200 questions. Have a job or a large course load? God help you!
                
                   If you are a biology major, take my advice. Do *not* take micro at A&M with Buck. He is very smart, and a likeable person; however he seemingly strains to provide the most difficult tests at every possible level. Not as tho he is challenging you difficult - but rather his tests are full of the absolute most random pieces of info not at all relevant
                
                   Dr. Buck is a very knowledgeable man. He wants to teach his students, but I believe he just does not know how. He presents his material in a way that can only be memorized; there are never any concepts presented in the lecture. And his test can be over anything, I mean anything, you will see stuff you have never seen on these test!
                
                   Dr. Buck is a very nice man but when it comes to his tests, he doesn't give anyone mercy. Take notes, read the handouts he gives,ATTEND CLASS, and  STUDY, STUDY, STUDY! or you are already setting yourself up to fail.
                
                   Although I did well in his class I do think his class is a bit ridiculous. The information is not difficult to learn and NO MATTER WHAT BUCK SAYS memorization is the key. He is a little man on a power trip at the end of the day.Don't let him intimidate you.
                
                   If you have a job, a life, or any other classes while taking Buck's class be prepared for the most stressful semester ever. Our final was over 13 chapters and we were given a review which was all but helpful. Unfortunately I must take him again along with about 100 of my fellow students. Of a class of 160 on 12 A's were given. Avoid if possible
                
                   The class is hard, but the worse part is being called out on the daily in front of everyone. If you are shy and quiet be prepared to hate this class. I dreaded going because he likes to put students on the spot with ridiculous questions.
                
                   I find it pretty humorous that students complain about how difficult he is, but expect to become neurosurgeons at Mass Gen some day. His classes are demanding, but Dr. Buck gives you every thing you need to succeed. He really does know what he is talking about. He makes you work hard for a reason. Put the work in and you're grade will reflect it.
                
                   By far my favorite professor. Dr. Buck is insanely intelligent but not pompous. Calls on people in lecture every day. He genuinely loves what he teaches and helping with anything you are having trouble with. Take good notes! Write down things he repeats multiple times. The type K tests are killer; when he says you can't cram for it, he isn't lying!
                
                   
                