
                   She is very disorganized, chronically tired, and doesn't seem to care enough about her job to give a rip. It was &quot;not her job&quot; to be responsible for our learning so we did the teaching ourselves, yet she would interrupt because we were'nt teaching what she wanted. Likes to base the class on her own opinions. Avoid her like the plague.
                
                   She had a baby my sophomore year and she had a TA teach our class, I thought was very irresponsible of her, not about her child's birth but having a TA teach, she should have taken off the semester.  I ended up failing the class.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Interesting subject, good teacher.  Defin. echo comments of others about her absences.  Fair.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   It's more like a distance learning class because you never see the teacher.
                
                   This course could've and should've been interesting. I'm going to go ahead and flip the saying: QUIT YOUR DAY JOB.
                
                   Her class is incredibly easy, if you go and are prepared. She is a horrible teacher though, she is disorganized, skips class and is very unprepared. Half the stuff we did in the class was complete crap. I could teach the class better.
                
                   Not everyone is meant to be the giver of knowledge, education, and information. Why pay for a class where the professor doesn't show up half the time&#63; She's simply unfit to teach, and obviously doesn't enjoy teaching - and it shows.
                
                   Expects us to teach ourselves, misses class but leaves videos to do worksheets on. Grades based on her own opinions, not objectively. She seems to know a lot, but should not be a teacher. A shame, it could have been an interesting class.
                
                   Has very liberal opinions. Should wear shoes in class. Breast-feeding baby in public is not cool. However she was approachable and willing to listen to another opinion. The test was incredibly unfair since most people failed.
                
                   Likes to bring her kid to suck on boob in class. Was not given fair warning. It would be appreciative if she wouldn't do that again. A good tip is to wear a bra so that ones attention could be more directed to the horrible subject and not her old saggy...
                
                   She's doesn't show up for class, but that doesn't mean you're allowed to leave - expect to watch a video and turn in notes 10 times a semester. She's rude and unhelpful, should never be given the oppertunity to be an educator. :/
                
                   Very one sided when it comes to discussions, exams aren't that difficult but you have to take notes or you won't be able to study for the exams.  Never really clear on what is going on.
                
                   This professor was absolutely horrible. She missed class for 2 weeks so none of us knew how we did on the exams for 2 weeks. Then she gives you this essay portion on a test and slams you tremendously, what is up with that&#63;&#63;&#63; AVOID AVOID AVOID
                
                   I have had many bad professors, but Kopf beats them all.  Very unorganized and INCREDIBLY UNPROFESSIONAL, as well as unclear, always absent from class, immature, whiney, and rude to students.  DO NOT TAKE THIS PROFESSOR!
                
                   A failure as a teacher. GET A NEW PROFESSION!!
                
                   This teacher sucks.  She is very unorganized and hard to understand.  She has very poor communication skills which would naturally make her a bad teacher.  If she was an easy teacher I wouldn't complain.  I would not recommend ANYONE take this class!!!
                
                   she is a horrible teacher...definitely should not be teaching. unorganized, unreasonable, doesn't show up for class. she doesn't even know what her own power point presentations say...did she even write them&#63;
                
                   Terrible.  Disorangized and extremely unclear.  Topics do not follow logical order or structure. Misses class, late to class, and is frequently tired (and it shows in her lecture!)
                
                   Pam is a great instructor who really cares about her students.  In her class you'll learn a lot about Geography and have fun doing it!  Anyone who has ever taken one of her classes will agree!
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Lectures droned on and didn't make sense or seem to follow any real structure. His assignments were exceptionally difficult and his expectations unclear. Your grade is based on 4 "assignments" and 6 quizzes. The quizzes were difficult with questions from lecture and reading. He claims to give out bonus points but rarely does. Would not take again.
                
                   Not very interested in his students.  When I corrected him for mispronouncing my last name, he huffed and rolled his eyes.  Boring lectures.
                
                   12 quizzes (1/week) 3 Map assignments (make a map with content relating to class) 5 homework assignments (he explains how to do them in class) and 1 final (he puts of past finals online to study).  If you do the work, show up for class, and read, you'll get an A. Not hard if your a responsible student. He gives extra credit which helps a lot!
                
                   Go to class, participate, and earn the extra credit. Pay attention and use the online lecture outlines: they help you determine what he finds important and will test you on.
                
                   Extemely interesting professor. Rather dry sense of humor. Lectures sometime drone on and others are very insightful. Note taking is rather difficult. Be sure to make use of the online outlines. The weekly quizzes are not too bad if you read the text book. I enjoyed the manner of grading for the course. Be sure to attend each and every lecture.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Forrest was an awesome prof!  Had him as an 8am so that was a bit of a drag, but still an easy A if you put in some effort.  Expect some "geography labs" as HW, those weren't bad at all.  Just a mid-term exam and a final.  Super fun prof and he'll definitely help explain things if need be.  He cares about students and tries to make the class fun!
                
                   Great professor, lectures are very interesting and the homework (not a lot) was pretty interesting also !
                
                   This guy is awesome! He's really helpful and a great teacher, very enthusiastic about what he teaches. His class is also an easy A if you keep up with it.
                
                   This guy loves geography and you can tell when you go to class. He wants to make this class fun and show you how valuable geography is and he does just that. He knows most of his students are engineering students and assigns the perfect amount of homework. Relative to Wendy Jepson, he actually lets geography be fun and important.
                
                   He made the class very interesting and it was worth going to class to hear what he had to say. He makes the lectures his own and makes them fairly funny and they are easy to follow along with. He is very good about responding to student emails/questions and definitely wants you to do well! He offers extra credit!! Go to class - its beneficial.
                
                   Professor Bowlick is without a doubt the best professor I had all semester. I had him for human geog and he was amazing, and he teaches the same way in physical geography. The most helpful, funny, and genuinely concerned professor I had. His tests are also easy if you go to lecture. Textbook isn't mandatory, but will help secure an A. Rating 12/10
                
                   This class can be a difficult one, but Professor Bowlick makes it so fun and so enjoyable, that you actually don't want to miss a class. He is a very nice and approachable teacher with a very fun way of teaching. I missed an assignment early in the semester, but through extra credit opportunities I was able to make a very good grade in his class.
                
                   By far the best professor at TAMU. I had a very hard semester due to some personal issues and my 42 in the class reflected that. I went and talk to him explaining my situation and he let me make everything up pulling my grade all the way up to a B. Great professor!
                
                   Fantastic professor. 
                
                   Forest was a great teacher. This was the best lab I have taken! The labs were all really intriguing and fun. I recommend this lab to everyone. 
                
                   very clear and a lot of fun. willing to work with you outside of class. makes the class fun and worth while.
                
                   I took his class over the summer, so maybe my judgement isn't fair, but I thought it was REALLY hard. We were expected to memorize everything about every civilized continent if you wanted to pass the test. He's a nice guy other than that.
                
                   Awesome prof! He knows absolutely everything about everything! No pop quizzes. Tests are so beyond difficult but there's always a major curve. Will have to use google earth a lot, but you get the hang of it!
                
                   No mandatory attendance required, no quizzes, no problem. Test are very difficult, but his curve is ridiculous. As long as you do better than some of your neighbors, your golden. You will have to use Google earth a lot.
                
                   Dr. Brannstrom is a friendly professor, but his tests are not easy. They are practically pure textbook tests, so I highly advise you read the book! He does curve the tests, so that helps but the average will still be a B or C.
                
                   Really cool guy. Almost everything on the exam is covered in the lecture. Labs are pretty straight forward. Attendance isn't mandatory, but he gives really easy pop quizzes occasionally. I would definitely take a class with him again.
                
                   great prof. very entertaining and explained all the material clearly. i would recommend him to anyone.
                
                   great teacher... interesting material. four exams (no final) and they are all short answer..kinda hard but very good prof. i recommend him to anyone!
                
                   Good, interesting class but very hard tests.  He does quizzes and lab to help your grade.  Fun class but don't expect to make an easy A.
                
                   His freakin Test are so hard!!!!!!!!
                
                   I had a serious attendance problem since mine was an early class. After barely making a C on the first exam, I went in to talk to him. He was very nice and helpful, and he even graded exam 2 immediately upon my turning it in so I would know if I should Q drop the class. Once I started going to class after exam 1, I pulled an A.
                
                   Dr. Ewers is an excellent professor who is there for the students. If you are struggling he will do his best to explain the material in another light. I highly recommend Dr. Ewers. 
                
                   I learned a lot from Prof Ewers, his courses were relevant to today's economic climate. His projects allowed me to uncover more about the subject material. His tests on average. Attend lecture for success.  He is extremely helpful if you ask for his assistance he can work with you to produce excellent projects useful for a career in geography.
                
                   I took Dr Ewers for GEOG 201 and 304 and I thought he was a nice enough. I think he actually cares about his students' experience and understanding a lot. For both classes he offered extra credit, was always there for his office hours, and considered the effort put into the projects when grading. You'll get a good grade if you put in the effort.
                
                   I was amazed at some of the reviews posted on this site. Dr. Ewers is a magnificent professor. As a result of this class, I went on to graduate school, and he currently serves as one of my co-advisors. Obviously, I am very biased, but I found his course to be super informative and Dr. Ewers to be very approachable. Take him if you can!
                
                   I really enjoyed 201. Dr. Ewers was very approachable and helped me out during office hours several times.
                
                   I unfortunately have had to take him twice. So believe me when I say, you need to take someone else. His class is doable, however, he makes you not want to come to class every day. He is extremely arrogant, and you can't ask for help without him making you feel stupid. DO NOT TAKE THIS GUY, HE DOESN'T CARE FOR HIS STUDENTS.  
                
                   He just reads off of power points and says uhhhhh A LOT!! Not good at relating the material to the students. He is not very approachable and is quite arrogant if you approach him about a question. Exams are hard and kind of tricky. I studied my butt off and the highest grade I made on an exam was a 70!!! Take someone else!!!!!
                
                   His class is an easy A as long as you come and put forth a little effort. I read the textbook and probably didn't need to. His tests are straight from the notes. Have to come to class because he doesn't post said notes and he gives easy attendance pop quizzes. Easy science credited. Subject material is like earth science you take in Elementary.
                
                   He likes to randomly give pop quizzes, which is annoying because you have to actually go to class and sit through the super long and boring lectures. He posts powerpoints to ecampus, but they're only pictures so they're completely useless. Tests were kind of difficult and I'm not sure where some of the material came from.
                
                   Dr Frauenfeld is a pretty good professor. Three tests and pop quizzes normally once a week. Not really a lot of outside of class work which is nice. He posts slides online but theyre only the pictures from his lectures. To get the words, you must go to class. I found the book helpful as well but it isn't required. Not hard to make an A if you study
                
                   There are three tests and weekly pop quizzes. As long as you show up for class and take good notes, you'll be fine. I'm not a science person, but Dr. Frauenfeld is funny and made the class really interesting (as much as that's possible). Would definitely recommend for anyone who needs a science class.
                
                   Great professor overall. Explains things clearly and will clarify again if needed. He does give pop quizzes randomly, but these are easy if you take notes and pay some attention. Tests questions are like the quizzes. Just study your notes and you'll at least have a B. 
                
                   Seriously the best professor ever!!!
                
                   Dr. Frauenfeld is a very easy to approach professor who is also passionate about what he teaches. I struggled with some of his tests but overall if you put forth the effort, it isn't too difficult because he's very understanding and reasonable. He also has a huge curve at the end of the year which really saved my grade. 
                
                   LOVE HIM!!
                
                   Dr. Frauenfeld is the best professor at A&M!
                
                   Really great professor! He is willing to help you out anytime after class or in his office. The subject gets a little boring at times, but he tries to liven things up. I received a B with very little effort, so getting an A is certainly possible with some effort. Overall, I would definitely recommend him to anyone needing a science credit!
                
                   He's awesome. Not too bad on the eyes. 
                
                   I loved Dr. Frauenfeld. He was by far my favorite professor this semester. His tests are word for word his lectures. Anything and everything he says could be tested, but nothing else, aka there are no curveballs on the tests. Theres no final, only three tests, but they're easy if you study some. Bad thing is he gives pop quizzes, but they're easy.
                
                   She was very helpful! She even stayed with us until 2 am to help us on our test! If you need the help she WILL help you.
                
                   No comments
                
                   She is the worst teacher ever. She reads directly from her powerpoints, which are directly from the book. She then expects you to memorize every fact and detail in the book. There is no point in going to class because the book could teach you better than her.
                
                   Professor was really funny and had great stories. Homework was all online through MasteringGeography by Pearson. His tests aren't too difficult. I got a B on the first an A on the second and an A on the final. There is also a cumulative lab exam but it is only worth like 5% of your final grade!
                
                   His lectures are long and boring, but he tries to keep it on the light side with his old person type humor which is nice. He's extremely knowledgeable about geography and his field of study, you'll notice how he cites books that he wrote himself. Tests are hard, but there was a 14 point curve on the entire class so look out for that.
                
                   I really love the old man. He's clearly passionate about the material. His tests are pretty tough. I went to the SI sessions and knew the powerpoints well and still had no clue how I did when I walked away from the test... pretty frustrating. I never saw my final test grade so I have no clue how the curve worked.
                
                   I definitely went into this class expecting it to be easy, but I was completely wrong. Professor Hugill is a really great person, but the subject is just hard to get interested in and his tests are very tough. As long as you take good notes, pay attention in class, and study, you will be fine. Just don't expect it to be easy.
                
                   This class was very hard. There are 3 exams and 1 easy project. Attendance is taken randomly but if you want to pass you must attend and PAY ATTENTION  to every lecture. He tries to make it interesting but its a very boring subject. I did a lot of studying but didn't get above a 66 on exams. Textbook not required.
                
                   Dr. Hugill was hands down my favorite prof this semester. If you have a passion for this subject matter, take him you wont regret it. If you're like me and the BIMS dept says "we suggest all the BIMS majors take it", do not listen. There are many other courses to satisfy the cultural credit that would have meshed better with my science based mind. 
                
                   Hugill is SO sweet and funny and understanding. He teaches well and loves the material (he will often reference the many books he has written). But you have to match his interest to excel. Only two tests and they're REALLY tough and pretty different from the lectures.
                
                   There are two tests and a final. The tests are tough. He is a fun person, very passionate about geography, but if you are not a geography fanatic, don't take his class. 
                
                   I loved Dr. Hugill! He is such a sweet professor. He has a lot of enthusiasm for his subject and is incredibly intelligent. There is a lot of information covered in this course, but Dr. Hugill makes it more interesting and enjoyable to learn.
                
                   Dr. Hugill is a very funny prof, but his tests are extremely hard. I studied my eyes out for our first test and received a 73.  There is no homework. Only 3 tests.
                
                   The class is 3 exams, 30 points for attendance (5 random times), and a core exercise. The tests are rough; the average is always in the 60's. He is curving our final grades. Hugill is such a nice guy and obviously knows a ton about Geography. If you don't want to be used in one of this stereotype examples, don't sit at the front of the class.
                
                   I love the fact that Dr. Hugill personalizes his lectures by adding photos of his traveling and telling funny stories about the world. Attendance isn't mandatory but a few random days out of the semester he will take attendance worth 6 pts. The tests are ok, Be sure to pay attention to the details on the maps. overall, a great prof!
                
                   Very charismatic. Talks about global warming a lot. Tests are hard but they are 97% the powerpoints in class which he posts online and he curves them heavily. For the core curriculum exercise this year, he basically made it a completion grade. No homework and he tells us we only need to skim the textbook. Show up to class and you will do fine.
                
                   The material he presents during lectures doesn't show up very well in his tests. Some of his lectures are very amusing and he keeps you entertained but other times he'll put you to sleep. Overall if you're willing to read the textbook and do some additional research as well as take really good notes during lecture this is the class for you
                
                   Hugill is a GREAT lecturer! His lecturers are not boring and he has a cute accent. He is a sweet guy and adds a lot of personality to this course. His test can be difficult. They are 100 questions in 50 minutes and half are true false. However the SI is very helpful and so is he. He personalizes his material and knows A LOT about geography
                
                   Dr. Hugill is an amazing professor! You can tell he truly cares about his students. As long as you go to class most of the time, take notes, and study for his tests you will do fine. I wish I could take Dr. Hugills class again. He gets a lot of material from the textbook so read that!
                
                   He has a British accent but its not bad. PP's are online so attendance isnt mandatory and will mention in advance when he is going to take attendance.  Assigns one project that is easy.  Tests are somewhat easy as long as you ready the pp's a couple times, they're 100 questions mc or t/f.  Curves at the end.
                
                   I took his Political Geography course and his passion for the material made the class so fun to look forward too! If you're a huge geography or history geek you'll love his class. However, be ready to read and take good notes. His exams are relatively ok if you study figures from his books and get the jist of those concepts. Overall I recommend him
                
                   Study his powerpoints and you'll get a C or B easy, don't really need to read the textbook but it's there for help
                
                   As long as you attend the lectures, you should be able to pass the class. I have not had to use the book assigned for class but the lab manual is very crucial so if nothing else, get that book. 
                
                   Most incredibly hard course I have taken at A&M. And I have taken 7 math courses.
                
                   its a 3 test system 33% 33%  33% but she works with the class and told us to take all 3 tests and she would only use the top two 50% 50% so study for those
                
                   Professor Loisel wants all her students to get an A. Extra credit is weighted the same as tests, so you can fail a test and still easily make an A as long as you go to class. Extra credit is given every class.
                
                   She's an OK prof. The only reason I got an A is because she gives A TON of extra credit. Every class there was a quiz in the morning which counted only for extra credit. The content of the lectures was dry but there was no homework, she gave notes to her lecture every class, and really enabled us to succeed. Put in a little effort and an A is easy.
                
                   Professor Loisel in my opinion was a glorified high school teacher... Fill out notes, bonus point pop quizzes, and all... But truly, she made a class I had no interest for an easy A! So if you like ease, she's your gal! She cares if her students succeed, so if you're not, she'll go through fiery hoops to get your success for you.
                
                   Dr. Loisel is a fantastic professor! Very willing to answer any question you may have very promptly and is totally open to suggestions. If the class doesn't do well on an exam, she is very will to adapt in any way that helps the students understand more clearly. Interesting lectures with a little humor. A good professor to get to know!
                
                   This class is not an &quot;easy A&quot; but not extremely difficult either.  Prof. Miller is VERY helpful if you make an attempt and show him that you care.  Study a little bit each day and then a few hours before the test and you'll be fine.
                
                   Having the slides online makes this course easy to study for. However, the class lectures could get a little dry. Labs aren't taxing, just lengthy. The extra credit assignments are easy to complete and really can make the difference between a B and an A. My personal favorite- the &quot;belt of many colors&quot;...keep rockin' it, Miller.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Mr. Miller is an extremely nice teacher, but the class isn't very interesting.  You very rarely have to go to class though.  His grading scale makes it very easy to make a &quot;B&quot;
                
                   If you go to class, you will do good on the tests. The lab is easy & counts for 25% of your grage. He also gives easy extra credit. I really recommend the class.
                
                   Very courteous and helpful
                
                   great prof
                
                   Very nice professor, he offers at least 5 opportunities for extra credit so that helps. As long as you try to understand the material you should be fine.
                
                   Overall a good professor. It could get boring, but that wasn't his fault. His slides were helpful and he was a nice guy.  The labs pretty much sucked, but that was just because they seem so long.  I would recommend him.
                
                   Good class just very boring. He could keep your attention sometimes, but he overall just had to many students in the class for you to feel like you could approach him. Labs are long but not hard. I would take him, just make sure you don't get lazy
                
                   Great prof, A is easily attainable. go to class, take some notes, pay attention, all that good stuff. his teaching is thourough and interesting and his grading is fair and forgiving
                
                   I liked this class.  It's not that hard as long as you take good notes and read.  It took a little effort to get an A but not much.  The labs are really easy too.
                
                   you want to have this guy as your professor. very good!
                
                   The class is kind of boring.  Rather dry.  But the material isn't hard, even if you don't study that often.  He's a nice guy and willing to help you.
                
                   tests were harder than you might expect based on the lectures but with a lot of study I was able to pull out a good grade. lots of extra credit helps. don't take this class if you're looking for an easy A in a science elective
                
                   Dr. Naito is a young academic, but it never takes away from his lectures. He is extremely knowledgeable, and does his best to inspire an excitement about geography. He exudes professionalism, his lectures were well organized and his tests, while not the easiest, took little extra thought to understand. Take him if you need a science requirement!
                
                   Dr. Naito is new to teaching and gets pretty nervous, but his lectures are always clear and super helpful. He never fails to help out his students and he truly cares about what he's teaching. Would recommend this class to anyone!!
                
                   This professor is amazing. if your ask him for help its there for you. He tries to make his lectures crystal clear and easy top understand for anyone. Several times during the class he noticed a majority of the class  was having trouble with a concept so he stopped lecture and went over the concept slowly to make sure everyone understood.
                
                   He's new to teaching, & it shows. He takes random attendance throughout the semester and gives online quizzes every two weeks. He likes to draw pictures in class to illustrate what he's trying to explain. They're not very helpful. He gives a review sheet before the tests, but he still throws additional information on there. He did curve the tests.
                
                   He's young and really cares whether you learn the material or not. He takes random attendance (4% of final grade). He posts all his ppts online but goes over material in class that isn't on them. He also gave out some worksheets just for practice (not a grade) and posted answers and solutions, so he's very helpful. He curved the final grades too.
                
                   Dr. Naito is new, young, and kind of timid, but he knows what he's talking about and it's not a hard class at all! You have to go to class since he takes attendance as part of your grade, and you'll miss important material for tests if you don't. The only other grades are occasional quizzes and 3 tests but he's super helpful and overall awesome!
                
                   Professor Nam is very nice but she tends to get confused with herself often. At the beginning the class seemed really easy based off her lectures but when the test came up the majority of students failed. If you take this class, it would be a good idea to go to the SI secession. Also, you should use your laptop to take notes if you have one. 
                
                   She is a very interesting lady she gives you all the slide shows afer class.
                
                   Excellent, enthusiastic teacher. He is very helpful in office hours and is more than happy to speak with students.
                
                   I went into this class thinking it was going to be hard and boring but Mr. Quiring turned out to be a really cool guy who is passionate about what he does. He is very clear on the material that he wants you to know and the tests are easy. I made a 96 on the first test and it was my first test to ever even take at A&M. He even puts the notes online.
                
                   He is a great teacher who is really excited about what he teaches and keeps it interesting.  This is a great class to take even if you aren't a geog major. He is always willing to help.
                
                   He is a great teacher, and the class is easy for a science.  He also curves at the end...and the labs are easy!
                
                   At first she seems tough but after the the first few weeks are over she is a pretty neat professor. Make sure you read the textbook before you go to class. She love for people to participate on open floor discussions. All in all it is a good class.
                
                   He's a great lecturer. Explains his ideas thoroughly and will clarify again if you raise your hand to ask. He does give out pop quizzes, but these are very easy if you take notes. Oh yeah, this is a note intensive class, so get ready to write and type. Attendance is sorta mandatory, since he won't post test reviews if people don't show up.  
                
                   I took Mr. Smith's class in the summer of 2015 for the gateway program. At first, I thought the class would be easy but I was completely wrong. There are 3 tests and 10 pop quizzes, and some of those pop quizzes are attendance pop quizzes which really boosted my grade but the tests are very difficult. It is based completely off lecture. 
                
                   I enjoyed Dr. Smith as a guy, but as a professor, not so much. His tests are pretty tricky and he gives pop quizzes that are supposed to help your grade, but just tend to bring them down! He kept class short but assigned readings that were on the exams. 
                
                   I love this class. Dr. Smith always takes time to give us studying advice before his lectures. It is apparent that he wants each and every one of his students to do well. His lectures may be long, but they're rich with vital information, and not the stuff you don't need to know for the test. Come to class, do your readings, and you'll pass.
                
                   I had his class for my Gateway summer semester and I loved it. He teaches you a new way of looking at culture and you're surroundings and how the land effects it all. Sounds boring but its very interesting. I promise. Pop quizzes are from material the lecture before so go over your notes before class every day and you should be fine. Go to lecture!
                
                   Lots of test questions from the textbook reading- you can't make an A without reading the text. Also, the quizzes are basically for attendance so it's nothing to stress about
                
                   Read the textbook assignments and make sure you're in class so you can take the pop quizzes (content is from the lecture before).
                
                   Good professor. Makes a potentially boring subject decently interesting. I'd take him again for sure
                
                   His lectures are awesome. There are 10 pop quiz literally, so be prepared to show up to class. For the tests, just study the notes and maps carefully and you're set.
                
                   I loved Dr. Tchakerian, he was so passionate about what he teaches, it makes you want that for yourself! One of the biggest things I would tell someone thinking about taking this class is that if you don't attend lecture, you won't do well. He's old school and doesn't post anything online, not even your grades. I'd definitely take him again!
                
                   He's a nice man but has a very soft voice. It's very hard to hear him, even in the middle of the room. In this class of 50+ I can't imagine how people in the back can hear him. Tests are over what seems to be the least important facts. He is passionate about what he's teaching, but tend to focus on the geology aspect instead of geography. 
                
                   At first he seems really nice, and the first exam is easy. Then, exam two comes around and he expects you to memorize over a thousand years worth of dates and names. The content he tests you on seems to be the least important stuff that you learn. Also, he just randomly gave us a third assignment due the last week. He's nice, but I wouldn't suggest
                
                   Take Dr. Tchakerian. That's all I can say. His class is so interesting. He types of the notes and gives them out. He is passionate and not boring. He gives reviews and review sheets. There is one book that he assigned, "No god but God" and it was actually a great book.  Wonderful man.
                
                   He promised to use high resolution electronic microscope for the class but he did not. That was the only reason I signed up for his graduate class. It ended up to be just literature reading, nothing practical.
                
                   Honestly, he is the best professor I have had in college. I am an engineering major and took his class for the ICD credit and I am sure glad I did! He is a very dynamic lecturer and is very passionate about the subject, giving insightful points and clearly defined study material. I definitely recommend Dr. T! He is awesome!
                
                   Dr. Walenta made the class very interesting and kept dry material upbeat. She likes to make jokes and likes class participation in lecture. Projects are a pretty big part of the class but are fun and not too time consuming. I would take a class with her again.
                
                   Her lectures were dry and a bit long but overall I found her class very interesting. She tried to make things more interesting and relatable and gave a heads up when the boring subjects were coming up. I am very excited to be taking another class of hers in the fall. 
                
                   She has a very clear and understandable lecture. The homework is one assignment about every week- it takes a good hour or two to complete, but its easy. You dont have to read the textbook as long as you attend every lecture and she never gave pop quizzes. Attendance is semi-mandatory. She took attendance six times during the semester. 
                
                   So Hot. So funny. So smart.
                
                   good.
                
                   There is little lecture, the class is mainly based on group discussions that the students take turns leading. A few pop quizzes over the readings, but they were really easy. Two essay based exams, but they're okay since she gives you a study guide for it.  She's a really cool professor and person. I liked the class a lot.
                
                   The lecture was pretty boring. The readings are important, but most people didn't do them. There's only one test that is halfway through the semester. After the test a lot of people don't come to class. If you just kind of read and pay attention to what she says, you'll be fine. As a person, she's really nice and willing to help.
                
                   Extremely boring lecturer and class. Memorize slide notes and understand the theories/models and you should be fine. Attendance is NOT mandatory and assignments are done without much assistance from the lecture/slides.
                
                   Sub from UT so she was never on campus. Didn't have SI's or TA's. All she did was notes on power points that you don't have to attend class for. Only 3 tests and 9 quizzes.
                
                   she was a sub prof for the classes i had for her. she is a younger woman who is extremely boring to listen to and she is a terrible lecturer. she had to read off of her own notes and i felt like she sometimes didnt know what she was talking about. easy to do well in her classes though. i would take her bc she isnt very demanding with outside work
                
                   Mr. Yuan is an amazing TA for this lab. I learned a lot in the lab. He gave very clear instructions and helped a lot during both lab hour and office hour. He always wrote some comments to help you understand the approaches. Mr. Yuan is the best TA I had.
                
                   He is not a native speaker. But his patience, humor and knowledge help a lot.
                
                   He is a really nice professor. He works hard on the lecture and give fair grades.
                
                   cool guy
                
                   The lectures can be pretty difficult to understand because of his accent, but if you just take notes from the slides and read the textbook, you should be fine. He gives some extra credit for turning up to class and curves grades too. 
                
                   easy class if you show up and take notes. she gives three assignements which are simple and not hard. tests are easy if youve studied the review. but when she says she doesnt bump or give extra credit shes not playin...i got an 89 and she wouldnt bump me to an A... shes also hard to understand cause of her accent...
                
                   Great professor!! Take notes and you will be fine. she gives 3 assignments throughout the course and they are pretty easy but her test come from taking the power point notes. I liked her a lot!!
                
                   she is a great proffesor who deeply cares about her students sucess
                
                   Straight forward class. What's in the lectures is in the test. Not hard if you study the notes.
                
                   I was happy I took this class. I normally hate science but her class was okay. The tests are VERY long- 2hrs and there is a test every week. You can study and find a lot of the answers on quizlet, so look there. All in all I would take this class again.
                
                   Run away!! Weekly tests with missives amounts of homework that you cannot possibly learn the material. She micromanages every aspect of your week like you’re a 5 year old, it’s suffocating! Completely obsessive, need to say no more I guess ..
                
                   Awful, 2hrs tests every week which you cannot possibly know the material and maps. Only 2 days to take test and have to complete maps before take test, she micromanages the week relentlessly. Very hard tests and absolutely no guidance to do the maps, find another professor!
                
                   Keep in mnd that I am an Enviromental Science major. Dr. Hull is fantastic. She cares and it shows. I learned tons of important stuff. I worked hard and got an A. If you want an easy grade while sleeping in class look somewhere else. She is a wonderful person. Fair, Honest, Stern but not easy.
                
                   Not sure what planet this woman is from! LOL talks about conspiracies in food and other crazy stuff, not env science.  where did they find her and why is she teaching here&#63;  only good part is she grades easy
                
                   good professor, teaches lecture without power points a little left of center but great person.  Test are a bit hard and most didn't score well but was provided extra credit to make up for it.  Final is comp but same as first two &quot;exactly&quot; Looking forward to more of her classes.
                
                   Hard to understand her accent. However she is a very intelligent teacher. Easy labs hard tests. But if you do the work you can get an A. I've gotten 4 A with her before. Just study for tests!
                
                   Dr. Lyle goes over a great deal of information.  His projects are useful in industry.  Easy A if you do the work!!
                
                   Best lecturer you will have. However extremely disorganized. Classwork is never graded, but then again theres not much class work. Easy A
                
                   He is very smart and funny in class.  He isn't the hardest grader and his tests are fair.  You still have to do a lot of work, but none that you aren't expected to do.  Overall he is a fair professor.
                
                   Dr. Lyle is dyslexia,but funny in class.  You will learn a great deal.
                
                   Great teacher with real world experiance. Also, recomended for none GIS majors to learn basic GIS.
                
                   In the beginning, it sounded like there was going to be a load of work set out for the semester, but the work isn't hard at all. Really tedious and time consuming, but not anything really hard. The class is really laid back, too.
                
                   3 tests (25% each) and 1 final (25%). Exam dates usually change. Day before exam he goes over the review and key questions that will be on the tests. The day after the exam, he reviews the test and gives the correct answers. This is important because the three tests are used as a review for the final.
                
                   He's hilarious and a very genuine person. Very passionate and knowledgeable of the content. Take good notes and study the map and you should be fine. (I honestly didn't read the book much and made an A.) He curves the tests according to the average grade. First test is the hardest and progressively gets easier. Take him!
                
                   FUN professor, tends to ramble on somewhat but always realizes it. Easy A. Curves every test. But do not expect to follow the syllabus, test dates are never when they are suppose to be. Other than that, strongly recommend this teache.
                
                   One of the best teachers at TAUCC
                
                   Only 4 tests & thats your grade...thats the sucky part!I never learned anything :(
                
                   he rules!
                
                   His class lecture are really boring but on review day for test he is really helpful. The test are pretty easy, just like the review. You dont use the book - only for maps.
                
                   Fred is a great old man and is super sweet. The only problem is that his class is boring to sit through. His lectures are long and he rambles about google earth and reads through the book. BUT he literally gives you exact questions for the quizzes before you take them so you can study. If you try in this class it is super easy to pass. 
                
                   One of the worst, if not the worst professor I have ever had the displeasure to have. Does not teach; you will have to teach yourself. Only half of the material you will be tested on exists in the book or on the internet, the rest is pulled out of thin air. Very biased too, if you are sensitive to race do not take his class.
                
                   The class is a little tedious unless you have an interest, but otherwise easy. Great professor, easy to understand, and funny. He doesn't put up with foolishness, and will call students out on the spot. Very refreshing to see an old school professor. Highly recommended.
                
                   Worthless Class
                
                   Very interesting! He relates past experiences with his lectures. Doesn't give you much of a test review, but it is not hard to make an A or B in his class. Not much homework, but he does assign 4 assignments that are due every month and a half. Loved him!
                
                   Dr. B is alot of fun, makes the class interesting
                
                   very nice teacher, not boring, but the only grades are the test grades. it would be very hard to make an A. the final is comprehensive but has a lot of the previous test questions.
                
                   Dr. B Is a great professor, Show up every day and participate in the lectures and you can easily get an &quot;A&quot;. Buy the book, you will need it
                
                   Dr. Yu has made the introduction into environmental study and geospacial information systems (GIS) an enjoyable and immersive experience. He regularly seeks class involvement in nearly every lecture and tries to do everything he can to see to it his students can grasp the material and succeed, especially in the geotech labs.
                
                   professor yu is extremley fun. He will kepp you laughing and make you learn!
                
                   Sui is a great teacher but know that he expects a lot out of you.
                
                   Like everybody said A LOT OF WRITING but as long as you can do that, it's an easy A, you just gotta do the work.
                
                   This class is as straight forwards as it gets. Gives you all your assignments in the syllabus and you work at your own pace, until the assignments are due. His grading seems very fair and this class will be an easy A as long as you do the work. A LOT OF WRITING, but easy none the less.
                
                   Online course. The 5 assignments each consisted of 10 end-of-the-chapter questions from the book. Each response needed to be a page long, even though some of the questions could be answered in one sentence. The midterm and final were a 10 page paper over a subject of your choice. There were 5 discussions on blackboard. EASY class, lots of writing.
                
                   Little boring, but nice person overall.
                
                   Mr. Engelke is willing to listen to any concerns you may have & offers compromising solutions that are more than fair. He does assign a heavy load of essay and research assignments but if you truly try your best you will be successful. His class was not hard at all.... have punctual attendance and do the work! You'll be fine... I'd take him again.
                
                   Drew can seem boring in his lectures but if you truly give the guy a chance to relate his experiences to the subject, then you'll like his lectures. Lots of essay writing but is a fair grader. I'd take him again for sure.
                
                   Very  good professor and is willing to help you and also very sexy
                
                   Super nice guy, laid back and willing to help. His assignments are pretty easy but he does require a lot of essays. His tests are open ended and he is pretty fair in grading them. He's also very handsome ;)
                
                   Tries to make the class easy for you. He curves all tests (they get easier)& he lets you use the manual to find the answers at times. No group work. Likes to lecture for the whole class time. Can be a bit boring, but its just the subject matter. Doesn't like it when you leave class early, arrive late, & people stepping out to use the restroom.
                
                   Dr. Norwine is a very knowledgeable Professor, his tests are easy to pass plus he will give you extra credit if you need it. He even let me take my final early because i was going to be out of town on that saturday!
                
                   I never understood a word this man said all semester nor did i care to. I did the work, showed up for his tests,and wound up getting a B. Don't buy the book! He never goes by it, come to think of it i'm not even sure this man teaches in a language a normal person could comprehend.
                
                   He is very nice and his class is great, but his tests are a little bit more challenging.
                
                   He's an extremely nice and polite person. Great teacher. He explains everything very well. If you pay attention and take notes, you'll be just fine. He does give journal assignments but they're not hard at all, and he doesn't expect TOO much from the writings. It's an easy class.
                
                   NGS employee. Learned a great deal.
                
                   This teacher was very unhelpful when approached with questions. Its his way or no way at all. If you have any sort of question or disagreement, don't even bother because he doesn't care. If you have to take one of his classes cross your fingers and hope for the best.
                
                   This was my third time taking him and I am glad to have just passed his classes.  He is hard to understand, issues very hard work, and is very very picky on his test grading.  Most of us try and stick it out and hope for the best at the end of the course.  My advice is to try and survive
                
                   For GIS majors you have to take him at least 3 times. His classes are usually early in the morning, and he gives you life lessons when 80% of the class fails his tests. He also wont take assignments if they are a minute late. In short, horrible professor. About 30-40% of GIS majors change their major because of him.
                
                   The test are not difficult i studied for a day and a half and made a 98, just got the test back yesterday.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   This intro class is required for all GIS majors, but if you don't study, you'll get jacked on the tests. You really, really have to put a lot of time into studying and MEMORIZING things. There is a lot of material that could appear on a test. Study it!
                
                   Great teacher and educator!
                
                   He is probably the best professor in the GIS department.  I took him for my first surveying course and he is one of the few reasons I have stuck with the degree.  I only wish he would teach more undergraduate courses.
                
                   It's not a hard class if you actually do the work and read the textbook.  The exam questions come straight from the book and from points he emphasize during lecture.   The map quizzes help boost grades.  I recommend this professor for world geography.
                
                   This guy is the worst teacher ever.  His lectures are only there so he can hear himself talk and his tests are detailed questions from the book.  He doesn't test you on generality, only specifics like year or cash crops of certain regions of siberia.  It is a lot of reading.  Makes you read the textbook, NYT, DMN, and makes you listen to radio show
                
                   do NOT take this professor.  His class is so hard it is a joke.  You have absolutely no idea what to expect on his tests, which are your only 3 grades for the entire class.  If you are good at memorizing geography books, then you might be able to make a good grade.  You won't learn anything except how awful he is at teaching.
                
                   RUN!!!!
                
                   You pretty much have to teach yourself. Definitely read the entire book and learn the maps!
                
                   Learn the entire book!!
                
                   Memorize the book if you plan on taking this class!
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Arvind was a very good professor. His lectures are very intresting. His Indian accent is fairly easy to understand. The man is very knowledgable of geography and teaches it quite well. I would take his class again, and I'd reccomend him to anyone.  
                
                   The comments above are spot-on; hard to understand at first but by far one of the best professors I've ever had. Loved this class. Great prof.
                
                   He's hard to understand at first but by far one of the best professors I've ever had. He's from Bhopal, India & some of his first-hand international experiences were really shocking. Awesome prof.
                
                   Cool stuff, learned alot.  Real easy on the eyes, and so nice and kind!
                
                   Very thick accent, I would sit close to teacher to understand him. Map quizzes are very easy, I went to every class and made an A. Just studied content supplied to students on WebCT. Never really used the book.
                
                   Attended all classes, read the entire book.. still made C's come exam time. The map quizzes were very easy but other than that, one of the toughest classes I have taken. He is impossible to understand, very thick accent.
                
                   gives 3 exams ( very easy ) & 2 map quizzes( EXTREMELY easy). His test questions come from fairly general ideas from the book. Doesn't test on specifics. Don't memorize the vocabulary in each chapter. Just read , highlight, and skim... not worth the time making all of those vocab. flashcards. You don't have to go to class and you can still get an A
                
                   This was the most boring class I took at tamu and I had extreme difficulty staying awake even though I had his class in the middle of the day. On his tests, he focuses on really specific stuff and they're super difficult. I would never take his class again, but if you get stuck with him, do all of the extra credit and go to the SI.
                
                   This class is definitely an easy A! Make sure to do ALL of the mastering geography even the extra credit. Don't really need to go to lectures  but going to some might help a little. Just go to the SI right before the exam and they have mock exams with a lot of the same questions on the exam.
                
                   Dr. Prout gives you a lot of the information that you need for the test in lectures but reading the book helps a lot too. You MUST study the maps that are on the Mastering Geography. DO ALL THE EXTRA CREDIT on Mastering it will get you a letter grade higher. His tests are not hard if you study the maps and information about the different regions.
                
                   While Dr. Prout's lectures can seem very long he's a very helpful person and is possibly one of my nicest profs ever. TO DO WELL IN THIS CLASS GO TO SI!!!!!! You will get all the aid you need at these sessions. Prout gives a ton of extra credit via mastering geography make sure to do it ALL just in case you bomb the tests.
                
                   This class is an easy A as long as you do the mastering, read the chapters, and study your maps thoroughly before the test. The trading is boring, but it really does help. Profit is a very quirky guy and pretty funny if you get his dry humor. He's very laid back and willing to help.
                
                   DO THE EXTRA CREDIT. DO THE EXTRA CREDIT. I made high C's and low B's on all of the tests, but ended up with an A because of all the extra credit. Also, go to the SI sessions, they give practice tests with actual test questions on them. If you don't do the extra credit, expect a B at the highest because his tests are difficult. Take him!
                
                   Dr. Prout's tests are extremely ridiculous if you don't study for them the right way. Study the maps!!! Write down anything he says about his travels or adventures. Go to SI sessions, they help tremendously and do the extra credit! He takes the 2 best test grades out of 3. 
                
                   Go to the SI sessions and take advantage of the extra credit while during the mastering homework. I am easily going to have an A because of tutoring and extra credit.
                
                   Prout offers a lot of extra credit on the Mastering Geography homework which is nice, but you have to go to class because he tests you over little things he says in class. His lectures are super long and he talks very fast so taking notes and listening at the same time can be challenging. Overall, it's an easy class. Study the maps for the tests.
                
                   His lectures are honestly really boring, but it is important to go because you will be tested over his personal anecdotes. Reading always helps but you can do well in the course so long as you do all of the homework and take advantage of the extra credit.
                
                   Dr. Prout is a very nice and caring professor, but his tests based on the material are difficult and not really what you expect. Also there's only 3 midterms, a final, and a project and no homework /quiz grades
                
                   This is probably the easiest class that I have taken. He gives a lot of extra credit on the homework assignments, which all the answers can be found online. The lectures are very boring and go the entire length of the class but you should definitely attend them if you decide to not read the text book. 
                
                   As long as you attend the lectures and do the online homework you should be fine. Dr. Prout gives so many point opportunities for extra credit that you can easily boost your grade significantly if you just do them. He didn't always present information in the most exciting way but this course is really quite manageable. Tests aren't too bad either. 
                
                   Super easy class. Make sure you do the extra credit and an A practically guaranteed. Didn't even go to majority of the classes and it was still pretty easy. Instead I would go to a couple of the SI sessions, especially the ones before the exams, practice exams are given and you get a good amount of info that shows up on the exams.
                
                   Dr. Prout is pretty boring and tends to trail off when giving a lecture. However, he gives so much extra credit that it's hard to fail. I have made a C and two Bs on his exams so far and I still have over a 100 in his class. He also does not have a cumulative final and will drop the worst exam out of the first three that are taken.
                
                   Awesome prof. Very easy to make an A with him. There's extra credit for Mastering Geography assignments - MAKE SURE YOU DO IT. This will help your grade so much. His tests aren't incredibly easy, but if you pay attention in class and make an attempt to read from the textbook, you'll be fine. His class will almost definitely boost your GPA.
                
                   Super boring lectures. Exams are confusing and you don't really know what they are going to be over. You better hope you are a professional map reader because you have to be able to read a map and understand it on your own. I wouldn't take this class again. I thought it'd be an easy A... not even. 
                
                   Definitely loved Erik Prout. If you pay attention in his lecture and literally copy off the slides you can get an A. make sure to pay attention though because his tests are long and some questions can be based off lame anecdotes from his travels. 
                
                   Extremely boring lectures.  Exams were pretty difficult, expect to study a lot.  The final was extremely hard and most everybody failed.  Avoid if you can.
                
                   Prout is a pretty good prof, he doesn't assign a ton of homework and the letters are pretty straight forward. At the end of the homework assignments is always extra credit which can really add up and help your grade. Tests aren't that hard skim through the book and notes from lecture and make sure to know the maps. 
                
                   She is very nice and passionate about her job. You have to attend class to pass. Take diligent notes and study smart. I attended the SI test reviews and it made the tests much easier. It basically gives you a review for the test. Highly recommend the SI. 3 tests and she drops the lowest one. One project but fairly easy. Learned a ton!!
                
                   Very nice lady. She is really passionate about informing and inspiring people. The class is super easy, the tests are super easy, if you just go to the SI person once before each exam. Would take another class from her. The textbook is useless though just listen in class
                
                   I was told this class was an easy A. After all, it's just geography right? WRONG. This class was very much a challenge. Three tests & a final, but she drops the lowest. Don't bother with the textbook & don't just copy down her powerpoint. Write every word she says & you will be fine. I loved this class, just learned how to study for it too late!
                
                   I really enjoyed Professor Patzewitsch and Geography of the US. As long as you go to class and take notes, you should be fine. I made notecards for each chapter which was very helpful. Her tests are detailed, but if you listen to her lecturers you will be fine. Professor Patzewitsch loves geography which makes you love learning about the subject.
                
                   Professor Patzewitsch is an excellent teacher, she is really into her lectures, which she doesn't post online, so you have to go to class. she takes up 3 test grades as your final grade. as long as you study the lecture notes, you can get an A. Also, the final is optional. I would recommend to anyone.
                
                   Dr. Patzewitsch is an amazing professor. I really enjoyed going to her class every day and her lectures were always pretty interesting. She gives 3 exams and a final. Study for the exams and you will do fine.
                
                   She does her best to make lectures interesting, but again, it's Geography, lol. She's funny, nice, but it's not that much of an easy A as you'd think. She asks specific questions on tests, so make sure you take GOOD notes and GO TO CLASS. She drops the lowest test grade, so do well on first three so you can avoid the final!!
                
                   Going into this class I thought it was going to be an easy A, but I was wrong. She says that she's not detailed, but her test questions are super specific. She's funny, but her lectures drag on. She went on about Alaska for weeks. 3 tests and an accumulative final. She drops lowest test grade. I wouldn't recommend. I've had to work for a high C.
                
                   Professor Patzewitsch is a nice lady, she's helpful & loves to talk! There are 4 multiple choice tests & she drops the lowest, so DO WELL on the first 3 exams so you don't have to take the final. We read 14 chapters & the final is cumulative. In each unit, she gives very specific outlines of what she wants us to know. GO TO CLASS & TAKE GOOD NOTES!
                
                   Going into this class, you might think this will be a very boring lecture. You'd be right. That being said, Profesor Patzewitsch does her best to be funny and make the lectures interesting. She LOVES water. Like is crazy for it. As long as you show up to class and take good lecture notes, you should have an easy A. You can't afford to miss much tho
                
                   She made geography as enjoyable as she could.  She is super passionate about everything she says.  Sometimes she moves quickly through lecture, but will stay after class to show you slides on the powerpoint that you didn't have time to take down.  You never need to read the book, but looking at the maps in it help a lot.  Absolutely loved this prof
                
                   Dr. Patz is clear cut and to the point. She is a very sweet woman and bases all her tests AROUND HER LECTURES. I cannot stress this enough. Lectures are far from extraordinary but if you miss them you are not likely to do well. If you do however, it's hard to fail and simple to do well.
                
                   You take three exams and a final, but she drops your lowest grade from those 4 so really if you do well on the first 3 exams you don't have to take the final. Her lectures are clear and interesting. Attendance is not mandatory but I would recommend going as much as possible because she will hint things like "This might be on the test *wink wink*"
                
                   She tests straight from lecture so it is imperative to go to class. She is fairly interesting and provides a different look at the country. Her tests can be a bit difficult so you have to read a few readings and pay attention to the little things and class and you should be fine!
                
                   Easy A if you pay attention in class.
                
                   I really liked her at the beginning of the semester, but she turned out to be a piece of work. Can be disrespectful to students (one-on-one) at times. Just study her power points, but she doesn't post them so go to class. I would not take another course from her nor recommend her 1hr 15min class because she'll put you to sleep. Sit in front.
                
                   Gives clear understanding of the world and her lectures flow together very smoothly. Organizes course in a logical manner and is extremely friendly and easy to talk to. Wish I could have another class with her.
                
                   I really enjoy this class. It has a flow to it, so it makes it easy to follow. She does really interesting lectures. The tests aren't too bad, and she drops the lowest one. I would highly recommend taking her. 
                
                   Super easy tests straight from the lectures. No need to read the book, but need to go to class. Decently interesting lectures.
                
                   Only grades for the whole semester are 3 tests and the final and she drops the lowest one. She doesn't put PPS online at all so you have to go to class to get the info. If you pay attention in class and take good notes you can easily get an A. I had to take the cumulative final and it was a lot harder than the first 3 tests so study for those!
                
                   the tests are written bad in my opinion , the other grade is wiley the online homework it does not prepare you or teach you anything it is silly and busy work.. frustrating busy work at that if i spent half the time i do on wiley in the book i might have a decent grade in the class
                
                   She posts her lectures online and she pretty much lectures on them during class. She DOESNT CURVE on her test and doesnt round up your grade(89.9=89). you have to learn maps(states, cities). you have to study for her test..her TA are very helpful and she is always open to questions.good lecture..hard class
                
                   Energetic and entertaining as far as teachers go.  Hes going to make our last test count as our final (a good thing).  Posts the extremely helpful powerpoints on the internet so you can print them off. This class is definitely aceable if you just memorize most of the facts in the notes and read the chapter. Slow paced because he gets of topic easy.
                
                   Awesome teacher, to the point, lively, straight-foward,willing to have extra instruction.
                
                   I was interested in the subject and liked the way Kohl presented it. When it came to the 'touchy' issues, I think it was necessary. There aren't many who would really get into these important, relevant issues. I think it's brave of her. Her reviews are long would suggest working on it in groups. The main thing is to understand the concepts.
                
                   Amazing teacher. Makes the class not too difficult for students. You just have to play your part and you'll be fine. Try as much as possible to attend classes (highly important)!
                
                   She is an amazing teacher! I love how she's super passionate about her subject. She's super nice and funny. She uses Mastering geography,which can be little extensive but reasonable. If you attend class constantly (daily tophat grade), take notes, and involve yourself in the class discussions you'll be more than fine. Totally recommend her!
                
                   She is an amazing professor and is passionate about the subject and her beliefs. She respects everyone beliefs but wants you to question why you believe what you believe. The people who rated her bad are mean conservative people who have no respect for people who have other views. Her class is interesting and fun and highly recommendable. 
                
                   Lectures aren't helpful. Homework takes a while to complete. Overall I wouldn't recommend her class.
                
                   Horrible class. Useless Lectures are picture-based powerpoints that are impossible to take notes on. Attendance is mandatory. Assigns Mastering Homework that is very tedious and takes five or six hours to complete. Very feminist and obviously liberal. Don't take unless you are ready to have your opinions challenged constantly. 
                
                   Horrible lectures, false  information , completely unrelated topics, test questions over random subjects rarely covered in class. Mastering homework is terrible do it in groups to avoid hours of useless information. She takes attendance for a grade via tophat (costs $34). Overall she's a liberal feminist that belongs on tumblr. 
                
                   great lectures that are interesting. Attendance everyday and easy tests. Makes the class exciting. Mastering geography takes awhile so don't wait till last minute. Read the book it helps 
                
                   I love Dr. Kohl, she's very passionate about her subject, and encourages class discussion. Mastering Geography is a bit tedious, and she has daily attendance for a grade. Totally recommend her as a professor. 
                
                   Dr. Kohl is absolutely great and funny. She is passionate about geography and inspires the class to question the things we take for granted. She is nice and is always there to help. As long as you go to class and pay attention and take notes, you will do well. Mastering Geography can take a while, so don't procrastinate on it. 
                
                   This class was SOOOO boring. I literally would park in 30 minute parking directly in front of the building to take the quizzes & would leave. I would rather pour my self over a book for 4 hours a day than to sit through the lecture. Which, in the end, showed in my grade.
                
                   He is very passionate about the subject. He's really easy and clear. The outside assignments are easy. As long as you study a little before exams an A is possible. He also curves at the end.
                
                   NO. Do not take his class. The content is generally easy for others with a different professor, but LaFon's lectures are SO boring and most days I walked out without any idea on what I was even supposed to learn. His love for the content is obvious but his lectures aren't clear enough to get an overall good grade in the class.
                
                   I have NEVER been one to sleep in class; however, it was a miracle if I stayed awake through an entire class.  Lafon really loves the material but the information is just so boring that it makes the class difficult because you don't want to learn it.  That being said, GEOG 203 is better than taking geology.
                
                   BY FAR my favorite teacher at a&m! I didn't really like the class itself, but he was fairly easy and nice. All the labs and quizzes help the grade. SI helped prepare me for the tests. If you need a science credit take him.
                
                   He is a great professor. He is super clear on all of his lectures and they go well with his slides. Pretty entertaining and is always willing to help. Go to the lectures, pay attention and study the night before and you'll get an A or B.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Read the textbook. A lot of test questions come from the reading material and lecture notes. Her lectures are entertaining and connects the the coursework as the semester goes on. Only took two test and had 6 homework assignments so be ready to have everything affect your grade.
                
                   She gives 6 assignments throughout the year, which are worth a good fraction of the final grade. Do not wait until the due date to do these, s they can take hours to finish. The test has a lot of specific questions that really test your understanding of the material. You can't rely on cramming or memorization. She is very passionate, but hard.
                
                   She offered many opportunities to understand the lectures more in depth. The test are tough, it is recommended to read the book. The power points(which she posted online) are helpful to re-read through. The homework is a bit long but not difficult to complete.  If you truly would put the work in, its an easy 3 credit hours. 
                
                   Jepson is very passionate about geography. Her tests are difficult. My advice would be to read the chapters that correspond with the lectures and take clear notes. There are 6 homework assignments over the course of the semester and 4 are very long.  Attendance is mandatory and she reads straight off of the powerpoint slides.
                
                   She is very enthusiastic in her lectures but assigns insane amounts of reading and work for the class.  There is a giant group project, along with tons of reading outside of class.  There's only 2 exams and they are HARD.
                
                   Jepson is a really enthusiastic lecturer. Sometimes it's hard to pay attention just because of the nature of the class, but she is really passionate about what she does. Participation and attendance are required but the participation really helps gauge what is going to be on the tests. She makes an effort to make sure all material is understood.
                
                   Most of the class is spent drilling gender equality. She spends the entire lecture expounding on Top Hat Slides (Top Hat is a $20 glorified powerpoint you're required to have for the class, on top of the $200 textbook needed to do homework online.) The tests cover material from lecture, PP, homework and sometimes out of nowhere.  simply put: AVOID
                
                   Don't take this class if you are taking it for the credits it offers. The class average on both tests was under a 75. Tests are extremely specific. There are plenty of other classes that offer the same credit that are 10 times easier,
                
                   Took this class expecting an easy A, I'm going to end up with a C. Offers a lot of extra credit opportunities but the tests are insanely specific. 
                
                   The lectures are really long, but she is passionate about what she teaches and a really cool lady!  She expects a lot more than you would initially think on the tests, so read the book thoroughly.  The homework is long and tedious but doesn't require much brain power, and is worth 13 of your grade so make sure to do well on these to bump grades up
                
                   Jepson is a great lecturer, and the assignments are easy but very tedious. I thought that the class was going to be and easy A but the tests require a lot of studying. My advice, try your best to get A's on all the homework to help even your grade out if you F up on the tests. 
                
                   Take this class. It's interesting, but hard. Lectures are boring and she talks fast. Read the book and you'll do well on the exams. You have to keep up with the book. It's can't be read in one night before the exam. They aren't cumulative - mid-term and final. Go to lecture to know what she will emphasize on the test, but read the book for sure.
                
                   Miserable class. Assignments are easy, no brainpower needed there just time consuming. Lectures are endless and you won't get much out of it. Tests are hardly reflective of lecture and not at all like homework. You have to read the textbook thoroughly to pass. Figure that out before you take the first test. 
                
                   The class was easy. There weren't many assignments and only two tests the whole semester that weren't cumulative. She uses big words so it can be hard to understand her but she's passionate about her job. Overall she's a good professor!
                
                   The assignments are the easiest things and dont help at all for tests. Read the textbook thoroughly or you won't pass. Her lectures are long and drag on forever. She's a very nice woman though and she tries to crack jokes which makes class a tiny bit more bearable.
                
                   Hated this class. If its required for you, wait it out and take it with someone else. She asks for way too much out of her students.
                
                   Great prof, super super easy class for 201, but don't underestimate the tests.  I made two A's and a B on the exams and somehow magically ended up with B in her class, as did another friend.  She obviously has strange ideas for how she wants the class grades to end up...
                
                   Loved this professor!! She made it interesting and easy to follow along. Her tests were difficult but definitely possible! she makes you work for your grade but it was fun stuff to learn and i HIGHLY suggest taking her if you can
                
                   The example test questions she asks in class often have mistakes or directly contradict exactly what she just said during the lecture, which is an indication of exactly how you'll feel when you crack open her first test.
                
                   Great prof. Study, do the work, and show up to class and you should get an A easily.
                
                   DO NOT TAKE THE ONLINE CLASS!!! The quizzes were AWFUL! I had to write down everything he said and it was still hard to pass the quizzes. I had a 87.38 before the bonus assignment and after much work he only gave me one point so I still had a B. I can't say how much this class sucked. If I would have known the outline I could have gotten an A.
                
                   Great Professor, actually one of the best in the Geography Department. I took both GEOG 205 and GEOG 370 and received A's as my final grade. You have to put the work into all the assignments if you want to get an overall good great. In my opinion he grades very fairly. He is very intelligent and you should attend most lectures because extra credit.
                
                   It's possible to get an A, but it's a lot of work. The only way I passed his quizzes was to write his lecture videos down word for word (even then, highest score was an 80). Test questions come directly from quizzes however. The bonus assignment (I wrote 700 words & carefully followed the rubric) bumped my 87.9 to a 89.9 - A!
                
                   I took his online class and he gave group debates that were extremely difficult to figure out how to do through a computer. I had an 88 in his class before the bonus assignment, and he chose to give me 1 pt instead of bumping me to an A. If you want a professor who only cares about material, take him. His quizzes are also impossible.
                
                   Great! Knows what he's talking about. You have to go to class and the labs are pretty intense
                
                   This class was one of my most interesting classes! He tries to have a sense of humor with the class and make everything interesting. He gives a review of everything on the test and let's the class redo each test to get more points! would definitely recommend him for any class!
                
                   Pop quizzes and attendance makes up 10% of your grade. The other 90% are 3 non cumulative exams. Not too difficult but definitely go to the SI Sessions. Overall she was a very nice lady! I would take another one of her classes.
                
                   FOR THE LOVE OF ALL THAT IS GOOD AND HOLY, DO NOT TAKE HER. She is by far the worst professor I have ever have had A&M. She is extremely rude and is just here for the research money. I would find another professor. TAKE THIS ADVICE. 
                
                   She has an accent but it's not hard to understand after a while. Her lecture notes are great (she doesn't post them though) but if she ever misses class, she puts them online for you. She also posts reviews for each chapter prior to covering it and has an in-class review with test questions on it. Tests are super easy. Rare attendance pop quizzes.
                
                   This is an easy class, however, she is not that great. She has a REALLY heavy accent that can be hard to understand at times. She doesn't like to give help, and she isn't there a lot. She has a lot of graduate students come in and lecture for her. She gives pop quizzes. She can be rude in class. However, READ THE BOOK and you will get an A, easily.
                
                   She was very nice and informative, but I could not understand a word she was saying because her accent is so thick!
                
                   Go to class.  Yes you can actually get an A by just reading the book but her "quizzes" are just attendance quizzes used to boost your grade.  The SI will be your best friend if you're having problems.  If she start talking about land forms, trust me those are important.  The hardest part about the class is the lab, which was pretty basic.
                
                   It's a pretty cool class to take if you enjoy science in general. Shows videos and is really nice. First test is the hardest, go to the SI if you can. SIGN  UP FOR THE FIELD TRIP SECTION. Lab is done in literally a week in Corpus/Rockport during spring break. Didn't have to take a final lab exam because of it. Prof is pretty attractive as well.
                
                   Oh she's great. I attended every class.
                
                   Gaddis is easily one of my favorite professors at A&M. He makes this class interesting and I would take another class from him. His tests are somewhat difficult, but if you study, it isn't that bad. 
                
                   This is easily my favorite professor at A&M. He makes the class really interesting with tons of examples. He is incredibly nice and understanding. Even though this was an 8am he kept us awake with his energy.
                
                   Watch out for the last exam, it is significantly harder than the first two. He gives extra credit sometimes, and the final grade was curved when I took the class. Overall I really enjoyed this course. He uses great visuals, and goes over important material more than once. 
                
                   Loved this class. He makes it pretty straight forward in terms of material, just memorize the slides and don't get the book. He is really into the subject and gives tons of great examples to explain concepts. He seems intimidating but is super approachable and is cool with you just dropping by his office whenever.
                
                   Great guy, class was awesome. You seriously just talk about sports in a way that teaches you useful information like acclimatization and weather patterns. Best class I have taken at tamu, but i took at my first semester two years ago. Still hear that its great. 
                
                   The class was really fun! We learned about how weather and climate affects sports, so it seemed like were were just talking about sports, but in the end we learned a lot about the weather. There was a project, which was really fun. And Mr. Ford is SO dreamy!
                
                   He gives you 50 points on the quizzes just for taking them so don't miss class. If this is your 1st course in a geoscience, prepare to work hard and read the book. I did not even use the book for this class. He tests require you to know the material and be able to apply the theory to new examples. Most of my classmates struggled with this class.
                
                   Prepare to work .He has a  monotone voice that is hard to understand due to his accent. The course is straightforward, but his exams are unnecessarily tough. Attend every class for pop quizzes, be sure to buy the text book because otherwise you must write EVERYTHING he says.  He is a hard ass, don't expect  him to help you out if you're struggling.
                