
                   She is amazing, I'm taking her my spring semester, and I have three more semesters after this of Latin, but as long as I have her, I think I can survive. This class isn't easy, but she's always willing to help and will give you practice on things if you need it.
                
                   My favorite prof at A&M. Have had her for 3 semesters and she is wonderful. She's passionate about what she does and she truly cares about her students. Willing to answer any and every question. Also good at throwing humor into lessons. A lot of work but totally worth it.
                
                   AMAZING LATIN PROF!!! She is the best and so helpful and kind. I love her. Take Golsan.
                
                   I adore her! She is the one who sparked my interest in Classics, which is now my major! She's great and I highly recommend her!
                
                   Great professor! She is smart and very helpful.
                
                   Great prof! she knows so much about latin and she is always willing to help. You have to go to class or else you will not understand the material. However, she is pretty lenient if you miss class and always lets you make up quizzes or assignments! If you take latin...TAKE THIS PROFESSOR!!
                
                   Go to class! Everything on the exams is from lecture and passage ID. Readings are long but doable. If you pay attention in class and do the very specific exam reviews he posts online, you'll do fine! Be warned, the reviews are an amazing tool, but very time intensive.
                
                   If you like Greek mythology you will enjoy this class. This professor is very knowledgeable and gets excited about what he's teaching. While you can pass without reading, you would just be making things harder on yourself. Do the readings and listen to his lectures and the class can be quite enjoyable.
                
                   He's a great guy, very passionate and knowledgable. Tests are extremely difficult even when the reading is completed. Passage identification based tests. I attended class everyday, read the reading ever night, and before the tests and still did very poorly. I was two points away from a D on my final grade and he wouldn't round or give extra credit.
                
                   You have to go to class 
                
                   He doesn't require attendance but his notes online are more of just guidelines so go to class Only two tests and the final and all short answer. Not a very challenging class but requires some work. The reading assignments are long and summaries are decent enough
                
                   Lots of reading, but as long as you do that and use the review he provides you should pass. The lectures were interesting most of the time and he ended class early pretty often, esp later in the semester. That said, he can talk pretty fast sometimes and if you daze off in lecture you might get completely lost. Only 2 exams and 1 cumulative final.
                
                   He's a great teacher! His tests are easy and he makes the material quite entertaining!
                
                   A great and pretty easy professor. A lot of reading, but it's easy to understand. Does have power-points, but they jump all over the place. Go the class and you'll have no problems.
                
                   This class was fun and interesting. He uploaded the powerpoint slides so you could print them out and take notes in class. He gave a test review which was pretty much exactly the test. The reading is important, but there is alot of it. Overall, this was a fun class to take!
                