
                   She's really funny if you let her be. She really tries to make the class enjoyable, but she doesn't tolerate when none of the class does the homework. Pretty much if you do the assignments and respect her, you'll have a great time.
                
                   She expects you to read the assigned material before class, and you go over questions about it, but she's really nice if you actually do the work!
                
                   Guillermo is the best! He truly cares about you learning the language and he just a pleasure to learn from, I would definitely take him again. 
                
                   I firmly believe that EVERY teacher needs to be like this guy.  It is apparent from the first time he speaks he REALLY wants you to learn and do well in the class.  He goes above and beyond, Offering extra help, meeting youyr schedule for office hours, etc.  If you have a choice take this guy.
                
                   Guillermo is the best professor I have ever encountered. He cares so much about helping you learn, not just about Spanish. I often went to his office hours just to chat at get some extra help when needed. Unmistakably the best professor you can have for Spanish, bar none.
                
                   Guillermo is seriously the best Spanish teacher I've ever had. He is so sweet and nice, and really cares about you learning the material. If he doesn't think you're ready for a quiz, he won't give you one. There are only 2 finals and I got high A's on both with very minimal studying. TAKE HIM!
                
                   I loved this class! Imhoff wanted the students to learn, was always available to explain something in further detail, is generally great at lectures and is a really nice guy!
                
                   Dr. Imhoff is one of the best professors I have had the opportunity of working with.  He offers detailed explanation for everything that he teaches, and draws great parallels among concepts and theories. He really knows his stuff linguistically, and is extremely helpful, and really cares about what he teaches and the students who are in his class. 
                
                   Dr. Imhoff was a fantastic professor! He genuinely cares about his students and their success in his class. He responds to emails very quickly and will always explain any material that you're not clear on. If you're interested in anything involving phonetics/ linguistics, this is definitely a class that you'd want to take. I highly recommend it! 
                
                   3 Quizzes, 3 Compositions, one cumulative final and the homework is graded by completion. Pretty easy grader. Don't skip class, he notices, make sure you participate, it's a grade. 
                
                   Get used to hearing "guau, que emocionante" and trying to figure out which word that he is expecting you to use to finish his sentence.
                
                   He is an awesome professor who really wants you to do your best & seems to care about you as a person. The class is easy if you know Spanish (it's for heritage speakers) and only Spanish is spoken. Attendance is mandatory. Tests are really easy and short (you either know it or you don't). There's small online quizzes due with every unit & 2 essays.
                
                   He is awesome. Everything you need in class to prepare you for the Exams. Has a great attitude while teaching. Take his class!!
                
                   Very nice woman!! Class is very easy if you're dedicated to actually learning Spanish. Her accent is kinda hard because its total gringa but her grammar is flawless She really does care about her students and shows it in everything she does. It was nice to finally have a teacher that would level with us and understand us. GO TO CLASS!!!
                
                   Loves to check grammar. She's very nice and helpful, sometimes difficult to follow along.
                
                   Prof. Weir means well but he just does not have the experience to back up the information. I found that there were many topics left a little blurry.  The information is thrown at you pretty quickly and there is not much time to soak it in before he gives in class assignments.  I am doing well in the class and it is an easy A, but never again.
                
                   He is not very helpful in class. He means well, but his lectures are often confusing. He would never answer emails, even though he acknowledged in class that he received them. He returned grades late, so you really don't know what you have in the class most of the time. I would not recommend him to anyone until he gets more practice teaching.
                
                   He is not good at explaining the material. His powerpoints are confusing and unhelpful. I taught myself everything by reading the textbook. He's friendly, but he is not a good teacher. I got an A, so the class isn't difficult, but it is time consuming, and he is not good at teaching.
                
                   Great teacher! She cares about what she is doing and will offer you additional help if you ask her for it. You MUST go to class though because you will have a good amount of in class work.
                
                   Super Awesome! Great Professor! There is online homework atlas 3 times a week but it is super easy and short. She always gives a lot of reviews before exams, and they HELP so much!
                
                   Good teacher, if you want to learn proper spanish grammar. Take this class with her, fail the spanish placement test on purpose since it is so easy to pass if you really want to learn  Spanish with a good professor such as her. She cares about the students, not like other professors.
                
                   Uribe was a good prof. The only homework was online and you got multiple attempts to do it so it wasn't stressful. She does expect you to participate but it's okay if you do something wrong. She just wants you to try. If you do the work and study the grammar you can easily get an A.
                
                   TAKE HER. Easily one of the sweetest people I have ever met. She wants you to learn, and will give you every opportunity to succeed. She is a gem of a prof, and you would be stupid to miss out on her.
                
                   He is a new professor, I think it is because it was his first year that he did not really and explain enough questions regarding Spanish grammar. His office email on his syllabus was not even right, if you want to really learn Spanish do not take this guy.
                
                   She's very entertaining, helpful, and always reasonable about due dates and what will be expected on assignments.
                
                   Wow, no other words for this teacher.  She covers material at blazing speed, and gets offended if you ask for clarification.  Has abysmal office hours and will not set appointments that are more reasonable.  Treats her students with disrespect and aggression.  Completely unprofessional.  Take her at your own risk.  
                