
                   Awesome professor with great knowledge and understanding
                
                   His is the bet teacher I ever had. He is always available. He explains clearly and is in command of the subject. If you want to meet a great personality, a caring   personality and a depth of knowledge and you are ready  for some challenges and want to learn take this course.
                
                   He is a very smart, and the best.CFD is a very mathematical course but the way he teaches makes it fun, though get ready for a lot of work, and a 24 hours long take home exam.
                
                   Great prof, horrible class
                
                   He was really enthusiastic about materials science and very engaging in the lectures. First test was somewhat easy, while 2nd test was significantly more difficult. The final was somewhere in between,-do the homework and write out the process for solving in your notes. He allowed 10 pages of handwritten notes on tests, so write down the problems.
                
                   Gives extra credit! Exams aren't bad as long as you study! Expect weekly in class quizzes.
                
                   Worst teacher I have had in the past 18 years of my life.  Rude, and works to make sure students get lower grades than they earned
                
                   Would not recommend. Very rude and disrespectful and cannot even work his own problems. 
                
                   Dr. Cope is always cheerful and has a genuine interest in the material.  He tries to make it as interesting as possible.  The worked-out problems in class are very helpful.  He basically told us what the questions were on the final.  He has more office hours than any other prof I've had.  The tests are fair, but Cope is a very tough grader.
                
                   Dr. Cope is a GREAT prof overall! There are in-class problems so attending class and having a laptop is required. Exams are just 5 problems over 2 hours and are similar to the HW (Chegg is a MUST-HAVE). He is very willing to help you understand a topic in office hours but he's a tough grader and will not budge when trying to discuss exam problems.
                
                   Wonderful
                
                   MSADO (Multdisciplinary System Design And Optimization) .   Dr. Allaire: Puts effort into understanding the student's backgrounds and teaching accordingly Has a STRONG sense of real world application, shows the pitfalls in  the theory Offers LOTS of resources for further reading and applications
                