
                   Very easy class, just very boring lecture. If you need an easy bump to your GPA take it.
                
                   Tests are harder than they should be. More than 50% T/F which are tricky even if you know the information well. It's not hard to get an A but you have to pay attention. The projects help your grade a lot. The TA is overworked and hard to sit down with to view exams. Don't buy any books
                
                   The class is hard. There is a lot of info required and she only taught on the surface level of the material in class. Lectures were fill in the blank slides from the powerpoints. You're expected to know more on the test.  WIth that being said, she had lots of 'give me' points that boost your grade significantly. Takes forever to respond to emails!
                
                   Really difficult class due to the amount of information that has to be understood, but she does her best to give you the most points possible on her grading rubric and is really sweet if you talk to her. The Diet Analysis project could save your grade. Go to class everyday and take very good notes and the test will still be really hard. Good luck
                
                   Dr. Creasy is a wonderful, sweet woman. With that being said, her tests are tough. She gives you a study guide for each test but you still have to go to class to get the notes and clicker points for that day. Ask questions, she really wants to help you. Office hours are a must to do well in this class and the big project is easy. NOT an easy class.
                
                   She's a very sweet lady and is very helpful in her office hours. The tests are hard but doable! The projects really helps boost your grade. Go to class and get all the clocker questions + the bonus! It curved me to an A!
                
                   Really difficult to pay attention in class, lectures are very boring and long. The tests are super hard, and she doesn't really give you much help when you ask her questions... This is not an blowoff class.
                
                   test are pretty tough, you have to go to class and study lectures
                
                   Class isn't mandatory, but she uses 25 required clicker question points; any points above 25 are bonus. Lectures are long and boring, but information is very interesting (Nutrition is my minor). Her tests are very difficult compared to her lectures/study guides. The project is a big grade booster. Follow the directions and it's an easy 100. STUDY!
                
                   Really sweet, but tests are kind of hard. The easiest part of the tests are the essay portions because they're straight from the notes. If you study you should make at least a high C or B. The project is super easy and boosts your grade, plus after you get the mandatory 25 points for iclicker questions, all the other points count as extra credit. 
                
                   lectures are boring because she reads directly off the powerpoint, tests are much harder than the level she lectures at, but the class itself isn't too bad. Study for the test and read the book. The project is super easy, and a great grade booster. 
                
                   Dr. Creasy is so sweet and her class is easy! If you read the book and study the notes you take in class (which are fill in the blank), making an A is certainly possible! Her tests are identical to her notes, you just have to have a very good memory. The project was really easy and boosted everyone's grade.  Overall, I recommend taking Dr. Creasy!
                
                   Super sweet and fun lady! Her tests are a lot tougher than what she lectures. I took three years of nutrition in high school and I struggled in this class. But plenty of cushion with other grades she gives!
                
                   Super sweet lady... tests are hard but she's more than willing to help! Id recommend her!
                
                   She is the sweetest lady! But her lectures are super boring, so I tend to zone out super fast. Go to her office hours, she's willing to be helpful.  Her tests are way harder than the level she lectures at though.
                
                   I love Rebecca! Such a helpful person that seems genuinely interested in your well-being and grade. Always willing to help and makes the information very clear. The class isn't the easiest, but it is very interesting and you will learn a lot. STUDY for the tests and don't wait last minute on the projects.
                
                   Dr. Creasy is really nice; however her lectures are long and kind of boring. The tests are more difficult than expected. While showing up to class is not super important content wise there are clicker questions most class periods.
                
                   Nice professor but lectures are long and boring, tests can be difficult. No curving or extra credit.
                
                   It's not the worst but not the best
                
                   I found the material in this course to be very interesting. The lectures were posted online and were quite lengthy. There were also weekly online quizzes that were free A's if you took the time to look through your notes. Tests were common exams and multiple choice. There was a lot of information to memorize but overall the course wasn't too bad.
                
                   Dr. Allred is helpful and very knowledgable about nutrition but I found this class difficult. The lectures are pretty long and detailed and I spent a lot of time trying to memorize small details that were very hard to distinct health topic from one  to another. If you are wanting an easy A, don't take this class.
                
                   This class is interesting but there is so much information which made studying for the tests hard. You basically have to know everything from the slides because he doesn't give a review. I found this class a lot harder than many other students so others may have different opinions but I wouldn't retake it due to the difficulty.
                