
                   Your grade depends on the final. She will post a review on mastering and she will post two powerpoints. STUDY THESE. I was making below class average on the tests but she replaces your lowest test average with the final if you do better and the final is worth alot. It is a hard class but do all the homework and study and you should be fine
                
                   Horrible teaching methodology. No grasp of physics. Takes course evaluation too seriously.  Doesn't actually teach.
                
                   I learned very little in lecture, only passed thanks to tutoring, and reading the book, however you have to go to lecture for quizzes and clicker questions. If you can't afford tutoring, there are some help sessions and again, READ THE BOOK, helps a lot, especially for the weekly homework assignments. Ene is a great person, intelligent, but stern.
                
                   First, this is a hard class in general. BUT I struggled in this class, and I like physics. She expects you to read the textbook and already know everything before coming to class. Going to lectures didn't help, but there are clicker questions. The quizzes, worksheets, and tests are hard.  Do yourself and a favor and take this class somewhere else.
                
                   Ene is a very nice woman, but she is hard to understand and is not good at teaching the course material.  You're left to learn the material completely on your own, which is nearly impossible if you're seeing it for the first time.  She writes in tiny, scattered writing on the whiteboard for classes of 200 to see.  Take this class somewhere else. 
                
                   Dr. Ene offers tons of help sessions and is extremely helpful. However, her lectures are confusing, long and often not finished in class, but they are all online so you can view them any time. She gives a ridiculous amount of online homework so do NOT wait until the last minute to start. This is a hard course in general. 
                
                   Extremely hard course. Her lectures were not helpful at all and very confusing. Even though she is intimidating go to her office hours especially to go over your tests, this is when she stands out as a teacher. If you show that you care about her class she will help you.  A+ is also extremely beneficial (don't tell her you're going though).
                
                   Dr. Ene was intimidating, but after many questions and help sessions, I found she was the most helpful out of all the professors I've had. The common exams were HARD but she held a TON of help sessions ranging from lecture, to student led,  to answering questions. The class itself is KILLER. Curve coursewide is big. Homework was not reasonable. GL!
                
                   Phys is going to be hard regardless. She regularly schedules evening help sessions which are crucial to go to for building a relationship with her and making it clear you're trying hard. Willing to help but only if you put forth your share of effort. Lectures are confusing if you're bad at physics, come prepared or play catch up all semester.
                
                   Ene is helpful and wants her students to succeed. 
                
                   Not a good teacher
                
                   All class materials and lecture notes posted on-line BEFORE the class.
                