
                   Personable guy. Doesn't get up on a high horse. Treats everyone respectfully. Doesn't pick favorites. Easy going. Knows his stuff! Has a lot of professional experience & it shows. Not much of a challenge though.
                
                   He is an amazing teacher. Extremely helpful, he will push you but just enough to get you to work hard and want it. Never doubt when to take his class. I have taken many classes with him and they are all fabulous.
                
                   Great Teacher.
                
                   Great professor that wants to see his friends succeed! I really recommend to take any of his classes
                
                   Lori is way fun, but you have to do tons of reading!
                
                   Not that knowledgeable and changes minds on assignments.  Changes emphasis based on guest speakers.  Hard to believe what she says or listen with all the ummms.  If you want a GPA booster then take one of her classes.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Trey thinks she is soo hot!  And she wears way cute clothes!!
                
                   I agree with the comment about how she talks to you like you are in kindergarden. This is college, not middle school and I felt like some of the work she gave was at the middle school level.
                
                   It's really hard to say early in the semester but she knows what she's doing and she can help you get a good job. She's **** hot!!! **** IS a clean word, right!&#63;
                
                   I feel bad for saying this, but she was not a good teacher.  She was VERY sweet and nice, but I didn't feel I learned anything in her class.  And, she tends to talk to her students like they were in kindergarten.
                
                   He really makes u work for ur grade, the good thing is he will let u revise for a better grade. It is frustrating at times bc he changes what he expects, but overall is a good prof. He is fo sho a great guy
                
                   Crazy, crazy man!  Good instructor...makes you work for your grade.  He has experience and expertise to spare.
                
                   He loves to argue, especially if you can debate well. He will push you to become a better writer. Some of his methods and style requirements are outdated in the field, but he's a great prof to take if you want to get the basics down.
                
                   Overall great class. Professor is very sarcastic and makes a lot of jokes. You are only allowed two unexcused absences before it affects your grade. Notes are easy to take, tests a fairly easy. If you watch the assigned videos, take notes, and show up for class you should get an A. I would recommend this class/prof.
                
                   Great guy and gets pretty fired up for lecture. The material is easy and he has open note and textbook tests. I didn't read the book, but I'm sure I would've gotten an A if I did. Highly recommend. 
                
                   A very god class. Prof. Walraven knows what he's doing and he really likes class participation. He doesn't post his powerpoints online so make sure to go to class. His tests are not that easy but they're fair. Make sure to watch the movies he assigns because they'll be on the tests. Not a blow-off class but a good one!
                
                   Dr. Walraven is truly one of the best professors at A&M- every journalism student adores him. It is so rare to find someone who is so knowledgable because of life experience and general intelligence and studies, and can effectively convey this information to students. He truly cares what his students learn, and is such a sweetheart!
                
                   I took her for like three classes and she was great! I learned a lot of grammar and spelling tips from her classes. Her classes were hard, but if you do your work you will do fine. She's a very smart woman and we need more teachers like her on campus. People shouldn't expect to just get by in her class because she does expect your best. Love her!
                
                   I was willing to work my butt off in this class, but I got sick so I had to take my final the next semester. She never met up with me, didn't tell me what to study, then failed me. I had A's in every other class but hers that semester and I had to make those classes up too. She ruined my GPA and almost made me lose my scholarship. Can't stand her.
                
                   Hannah is a very intelligent professor, but often times gets scattered when teaching. I think she really wants you to learn the material, but does not teach it extremely well. If you ask her a question though, she is always willing to help. The class is hard, and you'll often want to pull out your hair, but so worth the pain and suffering!
                
                   This is one of the worst teachers and classes I have ever taken.  She doesn't teach anything she just acts superior because she already knows evrything about the subject, and when you do ask for help she doesn't tell you what she did she just does it and you are expected to learn from that&#63;
                
                   I hate this class with a passion. The teacher is very aggravating. It is a very stressful class and she does not explain the material well enough for understanding. Also she plays favorites.
                
                   Awesome class though difficult.  You will learn a ton eventhough you will get frustrated.  Well worth the time and effort.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   she's good
                
                   A difficult class in photo journalism but the instructor works with students and allows reshoots for improvement.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   I learned a lot in her class, but mostly by trial by error. She knows her stuff, but sometimes has a difficult time explaining it.
                
                   Very difficult class but the teacher has a great sense of humor and is incredibly talented with what she does.
                
                   Hard class but passable with effort. The thing I hated was his attitude and lack of respect. He knows the content, and cares about his job, but has the same lecture he's had for years. Very strict rules and is flaky. Kicked me out for forgetting notebook even though I was listening and participating in class discussion. Very stressful class.
                
                   Several quizzes were given, I did not pass a single one of them. They are really difficult. I still made a B though because I aced the speeches. If you think this is an easy A class, you are wrong. You have to work really hard to get an A.
                
                   If you procrastinate you won't pass. Tests are challenging but if you do well on speeches you'll pass. If you have questions ask and he'll tell you how to fix it. DO NOT TALK DURING SPEECHES OR LECTURES. Tests are from the book WORD FOR WORD basically. Take notes on his criticism for others and it will help you. Note cards are your friend. 
                
                   Quizzes are almost impossible to pass! Had to make an accommodation for the class to try and get us to pass. Speeches every 2-3 weeks. Tests are over 7 chapters each. LOT of information. Ballotti doesn't teach the class, a GA does. No review in class, all on your own. No info about test given in class. 
                
                   Seems to have it out for you if you are a younger student. Was told by him 'he would not respect us as students because we hadn't given him a reason to', and that 'we were only a name and student id on a piece of paper that pays his bills.' His lack of respect for students is sad, maybe should look for a different line of work. 
                
                   Dr. B is an intelligent and well respected teacher, who is fair and has the students best interests at heart.  Take his upper level classes. The intro classes can be difficult in order to weed out the people who don't want to be there.  Pay attention to his rules (no cell phones) and abide by them and it will be worth your time for the experience. 
                
                   He has ridiculous rules.
                
                   The tests are pretty hard and they are over the book chapters, but you won't even touch the book chapters in the actual class period. 
                
                   This man is literally Hitler. Constantly yelling, pushing his political ideals (he's mayor of Commerce, by the way), and likes to teach his class "the Marine way".   Too bad he's unavoidable. 
                
                   Not for the someone looking for an easy a. He wants you in class and make sure to really Listen to what he says or you will miss something crucial for your assignments. You really have to work in this class.
                
                   Good professor really knows his stuff. Lectures based off Chapter notes he posts online. Hard to not fall asleep some days. Easy Exams! Because he makes you use a cheat cheat while you take it. Very helpful if you don't understand ASK and he will explain
                
                   Dr. Ballotti is AWESOME!  He makes &quot;communications&quot; more interesting than you ever thought it could be.  He encourages thought and discussion in class at appropriate times.  What I loved most is that he requires everyone to take off their hats and put up their computers.  Intro to Speech saved me in later classes more than once!
                
                   dr b. is a lot tougher in class than one on one. classes are boring and early. lectures were all over the place, but if you come and give some effort you can make a c. don't get on his bad side though and follow the syllabus.since he is the only one teaching upper level classes there's no other alternative. good luck!
                
                   He is rude, and acts like he's tough, but it's all show.  One thing for sure, he doesn't care what students have to say. He's rude and is of no help.  Our Teaching aide, Rachell Cantrell was horrible and everyone complained to him about it, but he did nothing but blame our class! Transfer speech credits from another college, don't get Ballotti!!!
                
                   He is an OK professor the more you know him the more you like him as a person.
                
                   Dr. Ballotti is a wonderful professor. He seems as hard as nails the first few weeks but as long as you come to class and RESPECT him and his class, you are sure to do well. I HEART Ballotti!!!
                
                   Very easy to work with.  He is interested in helping the students.
                
                   Does not care about students whatsoever!!!
                
                   No help whatsoever.
                
                   Rude
                
                   Dr. Bridges really knows his stuff and is VERY helpful. If you ask him for help understanding he is very approachable. Tests are tough and he is a Journalism guru so writing matters to him big time Essay tests and old school but hella good
                
                   He's a great professor, but this is NO blow off class. You will learn from him, but you have to put the work into it. Your grade is totally on your shoulders.
                
                   Dr. Bridges is honestly one of my favorite professors here at Commerce. Many don't care or are just jackasses-he asks you about ur future plans and goals and actually tries to help you achieve them. Study, read the text, PAY ATTENTION and write well (he's a stickler for editing-remember he is a journalism prof!) and you will for sure get an A.
                
                   Good professor but make sure you pay attention in class and show up every day.
                
                   HERO.
                
                   One of the hardest classes I have taken for Journalism.  So much to learn.  All essay tests.  But Dr. Bridges knows his stuff.  And you will too by the end of the course!
                
                   lots of reading... uses point system for grading... pretty helpful... VERY clear on expectations... overall the class was enjoyable and educational!
                
                   Tough professor, but absolutely wonderful.  He is brutally honest and expects you to know your stuff, but you will learn a ton in his class.  260 is a blast if you like commercials & 336 is a must for anyone interested in media law.  He knows everything when it comes to Journalism
                
                   Very hard!!
                
                   Even though this class is one of the most boring classes i've ever taken... Dr.Bridges knows his journalism and loves to let the class make its own decisions throughout the semmester.
                
                   Be careful if you take him for Intro to PR Principles - it's not an intro class at all - he expects you to know everything all ready!  Take a basic reporting class before this one.  Other than that, he is a good prof.
                
                   Very hard and difficult grading system.
                
                   He is a great teacher, and is very smart.  He expects you to read and learn, but always discusses material with you.  He wants and deserves respect. If you try, you can do well.
                
                   He is an amazing professor. He expects not only for his students to work hard, but actually do good. He definetly prepares you for the workforce. His tests are hard, he wants you to understand and see importance of cases and events, not memorize the text.
                
                   He is hard and makes you work for your grade. You have to read or else you do not stand a chance on his quizzes or all essay tests. But you learn a lot in the end.
                
                   I love Dr. Bridges!!!
                
                   He is not easy, but I am about to graduate and I feel I am prepared to go into the journalism field with what I have learned from him.
                
                   Pretty good teacher.  Always showing videos, we discuss what we see.  I actually prefer essay tests so I thought that part was fine.
                
                   It's not as though the class is as interesting as the capstone he teaches but this teacher is out for blood. He couldn't be linear if his life depended on it. He gives nothing but essay tests in this class and wants &quot;HIS&quot; answer not necessarily
                
                   No Comments
                
                   He is an awesome teacher!!!! He is sooooo coooool!!!! I would recommend him to anyone!!! He makes class lots of fun and he is funny.
                
                   He is the best teacher I have ever had!
                
                   This class gave me anxiety.  He was not helpful.
                
                   The class would be a nightmare if he wasn't teaching it.  I learned a lot because he offers so much help.  When the material gets boring, the teacher makes for great eye-candy.
                
                   Jaime is a true professional who can relate to students and make the course fun.  (It doesn't hurt that he's nice looking!)
                
                   Great teacher. Interesting class lectures that are fun also. Has a great sense of humor and is laid back which is nice. A+
                
                   Jamie is a lot of fun. He's cool and laid back...
                
                   He knows his HTML
                
                   I am not very good at working on the web and he taught me a lot.
                
                   He is very patient and explains things well. He is easy to talk to and the class atmosphere is very relaxed. I learned a lot in the class.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   eh...he seems like a nice guy...
                
                   Jamie is a fun teacher to have. He has an outstanding personality and turns an otherwise boring and difficult class into an exciting class. Even though he moves at a fast pace, he makes learning easy and fun.
                
                   This guy has been at it a long time, but keeps up with the field. I improved my writing a lot in this course.  
                
                   Thorough, well-prepared. Organized. Punctual. Good sense of humor. Plenty of work, but reasonable and even through the class. Love to teach and is fair with students. I gained greater interest in writing well and an understanding of how to improve. Valuable skills in communication.
                
                   nice guy. too bad he moved.
                
                   Dr. Alnor is an awesome professor -- and a genuinely nice guy. He is very intelligent and totally understanding. He is a good critical thinker too.
                
                   Great professor. I learned alot about writing. Good stuff!
                
                   GREAT PROFESSOR! HE IS A GOOD MAN AND A FAIR GRADER. HE COVERS ALOT OF RELEVANT MATERIAL -- NOT JUST BUSY WORK.
                
                   Wonderful professor! Professor Alnor has taught me alot about journalism. Enjoyed his classes immensely!
                
                   Great professor!  Very thoughtful and insightful!  I learned ALOT from his class.
                
                   Fred Stewart is one of best professors I've ever had! His class lectures are always interesting and keeps your attention. Class has 2 easy writing assignments and 4 tests that are easy because they cover vocabulary. Definitely an easy A if you put in a little effort. Don't have to take the final if your grade is high enough. Would take him again!
                
                   The class was worth attending, so many cool examples that won't be found anywhere else. No textbook, no problem. Two writing assignments are straightforward four quizzes are easy if you take notes and study vocab. Do well and you can accept your grade without worrying about a final exam.
                
                   Very nice professor who is always clear on his material. Study the syllabus and take good notes and you'll pass the tests, but there's only 4. Can be an easy A if you put some effort in. Can be an easy F if you never show up or study for the tests. 
                
                   This class is no doubt an easy A. You pay attention and do good on the tests your good. 
                
                   Cool class - Very Interesting.  Take notes on all of the * items in lecture and study the syllabus handout and you WILL make an A.  He is a great professor - you will really like this class.  Did I mention - NO BOOK!!!!!  YEAH- Save some money
                
                   great teacher, laid back, helpful and really funny. hes a no bs kinda teacher and will give you extra time if you need it.
                
                   Fred is the best! I have to disagree with whoever said he doesn't give stuff back, because I have gotten everything back very quickly in both of the classes I have him for! He is very laid back and is always willing to help if you ask! Easy A's for sure!
                
                   you never get anything back from Fred so you have no clue if you are doing good or not and he cancels calss more and more as the semester goes on
                
                   If you come to class, take notes on the '*' items, and spend maybe 15 minutes looking over your notes and study guide before the test you WILL make a A. This class is a must take uni. studies course and a great GPA booster :)
                
                   Going to this class is a joke - just stay at home and write articles all the time.  Also - you have to write more than what is just on the syllabus b/c that alone won't get you an A.  Stewart is a great guy, but you won't learn anything about reporting in the class you just have to write on your own
                
                   Fred is the man. take the notes ever thing that he covers on the screen in * will be on his test. His the best guy that teaches listen and you can get that &quot;A&quot; due those assignments its only 3 you have a month on each. WELL RECOMMEDED.
                
                   If you go to class and do the EASY assignments, this is an EASY A. Not a hard class. Tests are easy. Strongly recommend!
                
                   Too easy for my liking - I suppose this is why our Journalism department is so laughable. But whom am I to complain - it is free credits. If you are looking for pure and instant blowoff, congrats! You have it.
                
                   is this even a college class&#63; i could have made an 'A' when i was 10...very easy class...a must to take!
                
                   Take Jour 114 for one of your University Studies courses!  It is a fun, easy class, and Mr. Stewart is awesome!
                
                   Mr. Stewart is so awesome!  He's one of the best professors I've ever taken.  He cares, he helps, and he's very interested in his students well-being.  He's also fun on TIPA trips!!
                
                   Fred is an awesome teacher. He really cares for his students. I have learned so much through his teaching, more than I have ever learned in any class    in my life.
                
                   Very easy, no reason anyone shold not get an A
                
                   Fred is great. His classes are pretty easy, he explains thins thoroughly and he's very understanding and easy to get along with.
                
                   Great university studies class....not alot of work go to class will do fine
                
                   Chad is an amazing guy who really knows his stuff in regards to photography and photo history. Attendance is mandatory, and he expects you to participate every single day. If you push yourself, do the right things, and shoot a lot, you can keep a pretty good grade in this class. Definitely recommend this class.
                
                   Chad Smith seems to have vast knowledge of photography but does not communicate that knowledge in a clear and effective manner. He seems like he is too stressed out all the time and assumes that the students know all the words and phrases he uses.  He uses professional lingo that is difficult if not impossible to follow for beginners.
                
                   Chad's a good teacher, he is just spread a little thin in the photo department.  We just need to get another professor so he won't have to do so much.
                
                   he is great
                
                   Chad knows his photography and photo history.  He is always there to help, you just have to ask.  He is a great professor in the department.
                
                   Easily the best reason to never attend our university. Ask any of his former students - his name will just send shivers down their spines. One of those teachers that everybody 'deals with' because of his position and never learns a damn thing from - tons of times what is tought in class is simply wrong, and we have to learn from outside sources. Needs to be educated that digital cameras are cameras, too. His ramblings hurt my mind. Retirement could not come soon enough.
                
                   Chad will totally butt heads with you, but he is a great guy.  I think i like him better outside of class.  Office chats are fun! &quot;Who's your photo daddy&#63;&quot;  HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
                
                   Chad is a great, friendly teacher who is willing to help you, but won't put up with crap or slacking.  Some of his criticism could be a bit more useful rather than, &quot;I don't like cemeteries/dogs/kids/etc in photos,&quot; but he's a great guy.
                
                   Wow... I totally should have failed this class... but he gave me a B.  Chad ****ing rules.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Stan-o rules!!!!
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   He varies his speech a lot in class. Sometimes it's almost like he has no volume control. His tests come from notes and reading. It's obvious what you should study, but it's a fair amount. The editing section of the exam is pretty tricky sometimes. Learn from your mistakes or it will be painful.
                
                   Dave is a great guy and really cares, but he talks very monatone, and it takes a lot to stay awake in his classes, but overall the class material is not bad
                
                   I loved taking Dave's classes.  He was a great teacher.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   I read a few of the old remarks about Professor Bruce, and it seems she has gotten much better at her job.  I had her just this past fall and, while not always clear, she would always answer my questions as fast as she would.  She has given good feed back on all my papers and assignments.  Lots of growing left to do in her teaching style though.
                
                   Fairly good class. Very into the students. Although she sometimes didn't answer emails promptly, she was lenient when it was necessary and stern when otherwise. Was very one on one. I would suggest this class
                
                   Terrible professor!! Very unclear on what is wanted and will NOT take the time to answer any student's questions. Overall, worst professor I have taken at WT!! I DO NOT advise anyone take any classes offered by Kim Bruce.
                
                   She should not be allowed to teach at any level.  A complete air head that is incapable of keeping up with her own class schedule.  She does nothing but hinder WTAU's standing in university circles.
                
                   Will never take a class from here again. Plays favorites and doesn't want you to succeed.
                
                   This class was very unrealistic. The schedule was not stuck with and the lessons were always changed.
                
                   Mrs. Bruce, is a failry new teacher. Her class seems easy at the beginning of the semester, but gets complicated half way through. She would do anything to help you succeed.
                
                   No Comments
                