
                   He's a tough teacher. However, he is interested in you as a student. He's there to help you. His accent is harder to understand at first, but you get used to it. Be sure to use your book, it will help clarify anything that you do not understand. Ultimately, this review goes for all of his classes.
                
                   If you go to class and show him you care about it he will pass you.  Show him you care about your grade and that goes a lot furthur tan anything else.  Very helpful and super nice IF YOU GO TO CLASS!  He's tough but fair.
                
                   Can't remember the class/section so ignore that ^^. It can be difficult to understand him at times, and his tests are lengthy but he is one of the NICEST and most understanding profs EVER. I literally slept through his final and he still let me make it up. I don't know any other prof who would be as forgiving.
                
                   He's tough, but fair. His foreign accent can sometimes be a problem, but not if you listen very close.
                
                   Very helpful, be sure to pay attention during lectures & not miss one.
                
                   Easy class if you attend every class.  Material is same semester to semester. Information is taught  clear. Lecture easy to follow! Get binder for this class from bookstoreNEED!
                
                   Exam information is directly in powerpoints and he repeats his lecture information a lot. No way you can fail. Will go out of his way to help you, just ask!
                
                   Great Professor, he is straight forward with the material that he gives you. if he writes it, says it or tells you you need to know it than it will be on the exam. He wants you to succeed and is willing to help you if you ask.
                
                   Dr. Baker knows his stuff.  Wonderful teacher, so helpful.
                
                   Baker rules
                
                   totally worth while course he knows his stuff and teaches it well!
                
                   Baker may very well be the best teacher at W.T.
                
                   Baker is very straight forward and to the point with the information provided.  Just pay attention to the material on the board as well.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   it's fun stuff!
                
                   Like Baker says, most of the nutrition lingo is pretty straight forward. As far as science classes go, it's pretty easy to stick with.
                
                   Makese every topic clear, and will repeat if you don't understand. I took this class in the summer and although it is fast paced with a lot of material, he made it fun and laid back.
                
                   Great person great professor 
                
                   Great funny 
                
                   WT is lucky to have him. Two thumbs up! 
                
                   Great Guy, Easy to learn from. If you pay attention in class the exams are pretty easy. Quizzes are sometimes random so show up all the time unless its an emergency. I barely used the book except to do a couple references on some projects/assignment for Lab.
                
                   Really helpful guy, if you need anything, help with class, a ride to work, anything he is my go to guy! Class can be hard but that is because of his love for it! Any class he teaches is worth while!!!
                
                   Greatest Ag professors you will meet. tests and quizes can be difficult. i feel he could btter teacher than he is.
                
                   Very Nice.
                
                   I had him online. He doesn't stick with the syllabus. He doesn't reply to e-mail.
                
                   Awesome SI Instructor. Kelly helped me pass Stats by giving problems that was harder than the exams. Would go over the materials that the professor went over in a broken down form so you could understand it better. Only reason I got a C in the course was because of stupid mistakes that i made by not fully reading the directions.
                
                   Kelly's a great teacher, he works hard to make sure you understand the concepts. He has study groups before the tests and final. He has terrible jokes that he'll make you laugh at but eventually they're kind of funny. He's awesome and I would completely recommend taking his class!
                
                   Dr. Lawerence is a great guy I really enjoy him as a person and professor. His class isn't too hard just takes some decent effort. I could of got an A if I tried just a little harder. 
                
                   This guy's exams are impossibly difficult. His homework problems are unreasonably long (It took me 10 hrs to complete one problem). He doesn't allow you the full class period to complete exams. Avoid him, if possible.
                
                   His tests are extremely difficult, and he cuts the exam time short by five minutes.  he sends you home with homework that very lengthy. one problem took me 10 hours to complete. and all it was was repetitive adding, subtracting, multipling, dividing, and square-rooting. it was mind numbing and really had little to do with the subject.
                
                   Mrs. Moore is incredible! I loved taking her class and would definitely take again if I could. She is such an easy teacher and really does want to help her students as much as she can. You can tell she loves to teach! 
                
                   Such a doll! Easy class if you attend and study for clear-cut exams. She is willing to help at ALL times to help students out.  A lot of non ag majors take this class and she makes the material straight forward for everyone. FUN! Don't need the textbook bc she teaches off powerpoints.
                
                   Liz is an amazing teacher! She's sweet and would do anything to help you succeed in her classes. Her IDS class is easy and laid back. You have a lot of guest speakers and have a few projects throughout the year but it isn't a fast paced class. It's a great freshman level class that helps you learn all the basics for college in general.
                
                   Nicest teacher in the world. Good class for any student that isn't great in science but needs science credits. She's vey helpful and does everything she can to make sure you understand the subject and will help you with just about anything.
                
                   Hard but fair. No one more well respected in his field
                
                   Great Professor, knows his stuff, hard but fair. Make sure to show up every lecture and lab because exams cover something from every day and you'd get lost if you miss one day. Get the Hormones down quickly.
                
                   Covers A TON of material, but clearly states in lecture &quot;this would be a good test question....&quot; Hardest final I've ever taken, 1/2 material on it never covered.
                
                   Too goofy sometimes, it's hard to stay focused. Shouldn't take it unless you are an animal science major or Biology major interested on reproductive physiology (including animals). Talked too much about farm animals which was so boring to me.He has labs outside campus and there is too much material. Doesn't tell you anything about final.
                
                   Best prof ever
                
                   No Comments
                
                   She is one of the easiest teachers the is.  She doesn't speak very loud though.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Easy class
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Some questions are not very clear
                
                   easiest instructor i ever took -- well almost.
                
                   as somebody remarked earlier.....gives only what he covered in the classroom!!!! so make sure to write down everything and u will make an A
                
                   Make sure you write down everything that Thomason has said during class
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Make sure you are very good with calculations
                
                   EASY A!!!! never read the book once. test are taken online and the first 2 are on quizlet. attendance is taken everyday, you get credit for coming to class. a few paper assignments that are easy and a few projects. your TA grades them and you present to your small group not front of the entire class. she is very interactive with the class 
                
                   Only grade for class is quizzes every Monday. He is very specific what will be on quizzes every Monday based off lecture slides if you go to class.  If you do not go to class it is a guessing game what will be on the quizzes every Monday.
                
                   Dr. Boyd ran a fantastic course this semester. The content is delivered via PPT, and posted onto ecampus. The quizzes are over PPT information and lectures. The majority of course points are allocated to 4 reflection papers (1 page single spaced), and a growth project (where you pick a new skill to learn). Great class. Easy A.
                
                   She was wonderful, I had her for my Fundamentals of Ecology Lab. Very helpful, always willing to go the extra mile to assist students in labs, and written reports. Absolutely must take her!
                
                   Lori is the best! I love going to her class. Her tests are pretty simple as long as you show up to lecture, take notes and do the study guide! She offers extra credit opportunities too. She will take attendance randomly, so go on a regular basis. She does allow one unexcused absence if you miss a day she took attendance or had a class assignment
                
                   There is so much material to study and unfortunately with not enough exams (3 exams & 2 quizzes)... I wish there were more. You must know everything to do well on these exams & quizzes, which is A LOT of material. Study hard and in advance. Also, if you don't miss class you'll receive 30 bonus points, miss 1 class 20+, or miss 2 classes 10+.
                
                   EXCELLENT PROFESSOR! If a lesser prof taught this class I think it would be difficult, but Dr. Hons makes it easy to understand and interesting. You have to go to class and pay attention though. I loved his undergrad class so much, now that I'm a grad student I'm taking his other fertility class. If you have any interest in soils take his class!
                
                   Wow! Dr. Hons made plant nutrition/fertilizers interesting and fun. Fantastic teacher with a great sense a humor (it's dry so listen for it) who really knows his stuff. Tough tests, study hard and stay on top of the material but that won't be hard because you will be interested. Thank you Dr. Hons for being such a great mentor and advisor!
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Very hard to understand. He had 2 graders and grading was inconsistent depending on which one you had. 
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   DO NOT TAKE.... EVER.  He teaches the class as if everyone should already know a lot about the topics.  Never clear on what to study for tests.  Tests are extremely hard, even if you study your best.  Most difficult class Ive ever taken.  He says that half the students drop it every year.  3.5 student, first class I've ever failed.
                
                   There are a lot of small assignments, weekly journals, discussion boards, and projects (including one group project) for this class but overall, pretty easy as long as you get everything done on time and you follow directions thoroughly. It's a class that emphasizes critical thinking & you have to show it in everything you answer (I BS-ed most tho)
                
                   Dr. Leggette is there to help you! She can be hard to get to know at first but if you give her a chance she will give you a chance. I love Dr. Leggette she definitely one of my favorite professors, taking any class that she offers is on my list. 
                
                   If you put in the effort, you will make an A. She offers plenty of tools to help you out. If you build a relationship with her, she will be much more willing to help you out. If you get on her bad side, she is going to challenge you. Sometimes gives stupid assignments. Grades tough, but if you go to her and ask for help, she will gladly give it.
                
                   long boring lectures
                
                   Her class is great! The material is based off a book called Switch, and there's a free PDF of it online. No need to buy it. There's a chapter quiz each week and they're super easy. Two major papers, but they're not hard because she does peer edits. She requires 3 participation points for the semester. She is super nice and will help you out!
                
                   Although this wasnt the most enjoyable class in the world, its be far one of the easiest. Show up to class and pay attention to the clicker questions because they do add up. He posts a review and old exams that are EXACTLY like the exams. Literally would show up to class play games on my laptop and just studied the review/old exams and scored well.
                
                   Attendance is mandatory. His lectures are super boring so it's kind of like play on your computer the whole time and go home and learn it yourself. He gives you everything you need for the tests. If you do the reviews and listen to his review lectures, the test should be easy. He's the cutest old man and put a curve on the final grade. :-)
                
                   Pretty simple class, but also very complex. You will have homework, and multiple clicker questions per class, so it is best not to skip. He does post everything online including past tests, however the test can still be tricky. He is a very smart prof, but doesn't explain well enough for the test given; I often have to teach myself the content.
                
                   Pension is a horrible teacher. He is one of those that seams like since he knows economics so well that everyone (in an intro class) should already have the same knowledge.  Not hard material at all he just doesn't explain it so I was always confused.  The TA is the only reason anyone got through that class.  
                
                   Lectures were the most confusing thing I've ever listened to. Econ is like another language, and he doesn't use synonyms so I had no idea what was going on. His reviews were life saving. They are almost exactly the test! MEMORIZE THEM. MEMORIZE THE VOCAB. Seriously. Also, your TA is your best friend. Mine told me every answer in the review sessions
                
                   I did well in this class because my TA was very helpful. Dr. Penson is a caring, knowledgable prof, but he goes pretty fast in lectures, which led to me having to teach myself most of the material and attend TA office hours frequently. However, I would recommend this class because there are few surprises and you know what to expect. 
                
                   For economics he is a good teacher and well organized. He is very credible and is a partner in writing the text book for the class. The clicker questions are give me points if you pay attention. 3 pop quizzes, 3 test and OPTIONAL final.  Sit in front of class cause he talks quite.
                
                   This professor does not explain the material. He just reads everything on the power point and does not go beyond to explain. It is very hard to keep up because he goes too fast on the lectures. Would not recommend at all. 
                
                   Dr. Penson is extremely organized in his lectures and what he expect from his students. This class is not a difficult class by any means but you must put in some effort if you want to make an A. Easy B, but work for an A (which is what is expected from a college student). 3 exams, 4 homework assignments, 1 project (easy), and an optional final. 
                
                   Great Prof! Always up beat and helpful. Make sure and re-read past lecture notes prior to class, gives pop quizzes. Tests are fair if you study! 
                
                   Dr. Shawn Ramsey is an amazing professor. If you need to take Animal Science 107 make sure to take it with him! There's several pop quizzes but they're nothing insanely difficult. I didn't have any animal science experience other than one ag class I took in high school and I got an A. That doesn't mean he's easy, so make sure to study for his exams
                
                   This has been my all time favorite class/professor! The lectures are long but Ramsey throws in stories, jokes and makes class enjoyable. I looked forward to class everyday and learned so much. He is very approachable and is passionate about what he does. Tests are hard if you don't study or pay attention but easy and manageable if you do! 
                
                   GOOD
                
                   Dr. Ramsey was an awesome guy and a good teacher but if you know nothing about animals I would not recommend this class. Super hard to grasp the material if you didn't grow up on a farm. 
                
                   I actually didn't have Dr. Ramsey for a class but he was a substitute lecturer for my ANSC class all the time. He is hilarious and really makes you interested in the material. He and my actual professor (Dr. Frenzel) use the same book of powerpoint slides for class. Buy it and show up to class. 
                
                   Dr. Ramsey was a great professor! He was really interested in what he was teaching, made it easy to learn and keep up. He gives pop quizzes and takes attendance so class is a must. Easy to follow. 
                
                   Dr. Ramsey was the best professor I've ever had!  He is helpful and he really cares. Just show up to class, pay attention, and get to know him.  No homework and tests and quizzes are easy and mostly straight off of the notes.  Take his class!!
                
                   Took Ramsey for ANSC 107, he's great! He's hilarious and cracks jokes all the time and he makes class interesting. Near perfect attendance=no final! His quizzes are tricky but he warns you in advance. Has study sessions before tests regularly. Lots of hands on, we ultrasounded a sheep on the last day of class.
                
                   Okayyy so I definitely recommend taking this course with Dr. Ramsey! Buy the notes not the book!! I had no Ag background and I was still able to make a B. Guys, he's cooler than hell and is funny. He makes class interesting. Girls, he's HOT!!! He really cares about his students and he will help you if you make the effort! Attendance = no final!:)
                
                   Dr. Ramsey is super helpful and loves to make sure you succeed.. as long as you attend class and do the extra credit he gives and actually read the notes you should be fine.. don't fall asleep though! He will pick on you for a question :)
                
                   Awesome!
                
                   Sheep & goat production ELECTIVE. Beginning of semester, MANDATORY helping out at sheep barn. COLD weather usually (early spring). MUST STUDY for tests. Good idea to show up for class, b/c NO CLASS NOTES. Need to take GOOD notes.
                
                   He is a really awesome prof. If u dont know much about ag...its a little harder, but still doable. Go to class and study for the quizzes, they can be kinda tricky! Go to the review for the tests and u will be aight
                
                   Real easy class.  Study for quizzes & show up & you will do good. Optional final for low absences. NO BOOK NEEDED
                
                   He's a nice guy and the classes are pretty interesting. Be sure to pay attention in class and take notes. Sometimes he'll ask some tricky questions on quizzes/tests. Overall it's a pretty easy class.
                
                   He's awesome!
                
                   All time favorite professor. I literally search for classes that he teaches so I can have him as a professor again. The only reason why I didn't make an A that class was for bad studying habits, but if I took it again, it would be so easy to make an A.
                
                   He is awesome! I love Dr. Redwine he is amazing and makes you want to learn!
                
                   Great prof that is hilariously intelligent that loves making you laugh and tell stories
                
                   Tobin is one of the coolest professors you will EVER have at Texas A&M! Highly recommend taking his class. He's incredibly interesting, funny, and he makes you want to go to class. Generally a righteous dude.
                
                   Loved this class. He's so excited and passionate about what he's teaching, as well as super helpful and understanding! Really funny, very easy. Also an academic advisor, and he gives the best advice for AGCJ majors.
                
                   Nice Lady, bad teacher. Always bring surprise to classes. Send emails in the morning.
                
                   Nice lady, bad teacher. Very hard to understand, questions usually off point, and not very knowledgeable; avoid if possible.
                
                   I took Dr. Scholthof honors, and I must say, she is really passionate about what she teaches. Very laid back with lectures, and she expects you to have come to class having read a couple assigned articles to discuss, but all of the articles are very interesting! Her tests all have major essay portions, but this helps your test grades a lot!
                
                   Shaw expects students to understand ecological concepts to get an A in this course. Every assignment is available to take twice, but don't let that fool you, you'll need both attempts. Overall I was able to get an A with putting about 4-5 hours of work into this course each week. Watch PPT, Read Book, Take quiz / record the questions for reference.
                
                   I enjoy Dr. Shaw's class. His quizzes are 50/50, some of them are difficult and others are pretty straightforward. If you want an A, listen to his online lectures and take notes on the PPT's., read the chapter and take detailed notes. Quizzes are able to be taken twice.  Nice guy and helpful outside of the course if you go see him. 
                
                   worst class. prof doesn't teach this class well, could be a good class without him
                
                   DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS! If you don't have to have this class then don't take it! Course work doesn't match tests and weekly quizzes are hard. He is very difficult to talk to when he is wrong which is a lot! Absolutely dreadful!
                
                   Dr. Shaw just taught this class for his first semester but it was relatively simple. Lectures are paraphrasing from the book, but the book is needed to make the best grades on quizzes and tests. Every test has 3-5 random questions that most people will miss unless you have attended each class and read. Sometimes  exclusive test questions in class.
                
                   The class itself was easy, though he has a tendency to race through slides, and the lectures are basically just paraphrased from the book.  There are always a few questions on each test that seem to come from nowhere from someone who regularly attends class and reads every chapter.  Not a hard class if you pay attention and read.
                
                   Poor professor. His lectures are confusing and his tests have little to do with the lecture. They are all online so you need to prepare an amazing guide beforehand if you want to get an A. Boring class, bad professor, confusing notes.
                
                   Attend class. Read the notes (they are semi relevant to the tests). Overall a decent prof.
                
                   She is AWESOME. By far one of the best professors I have had. She works with the students to make sure that we learn the class material.
                
                   One of the best professors.  Can't beat!  Projects excitement of class and material to students.  Encourages students to not only learn but think and develop their own opinions based on facts - not emotion.  Well worth the time put into this class.
                
                   PAPERS, PAPERS, PAPERS! I took this class as an elective & every week for over a month we had to write a paper. 1 was 3-4 pages, the other 6-8 pages. BOTH TESTS are ESSAY tests. 4 questions you pick but need to write a 1/2 page to a page for each question. LOT of work!!!!
                
                   Dr Sterle is one of the most amazing profs I've ever had. She is THE expert on swine in Texas, so she definitely knows what she's talking about, and she gets very excited about what she teaches, which rubs off. She's very dynamic and easy to listen to, and she really loves her students. She recieved a teaching award the semester I had her.
                
                   One of my favorite professors I have ever taken at TAMU. He is super funny, really helpful and easy to get along with. He makes you want to learn about leadership. He is really clear about his expectations and he is truly rooting for you to succeed.
                
                   Reid does a great job making class fun and making things interesting. I would definitely recommend his class.
                
                   Very easy class, but you don't have to attend class. It's a part of your grade. There's a bit of reading, but the tests are really easy. He doesn't try to trick you, and you take part of the test with your group which is awesome! I really enjoyed his class, and he's a really fun guy. Recommend for sure
                
                   This class was really easy and fun. There's a lot of reading, and he does take attendance which is part of your grade, but it's not bad. There's reviews for the tests which are easy and you take part of it with your group. Stavinoha is a great, funny guy and he keeps it interesting. Definitely recommend this class.
                
                   Hands down worst teacher I've ever had.  So arrogant.  Cares about nothing but himself.  Never in his office.  Honestly, the guy almost never understands the concepts he's teaching.  This guy made my life miserable for months.
                
                   He is awful.  He is extremely arrogant and subtly boastful.  He is not clear and expects everyone in the class to learn at a graduate level, even though there are many non-majors in the class.
                
                   Doesn't care about teaching, only about getting tenure. Avoid at all costs because all the effort is not worth the grade.
                
                   Take another Prof for Eco Systems if all possible.
                
                   Shows no interest into students, lectures everyday over 30+ slides and doesn't allow time for questions or gets frustrated when you stop him to ask one. Need help on a paper? Don't bother emailing him or the TA, they won't reply in time. Assigns hw that he hasn't explained well enough so you get a bad grade. Overall AVOID this prof at ALL COSTS!
                
                   It's in your best interest to NOT take this professor. He does not answer questions in class, won't answer emails, and disrespects students in class. He does NOT care one bit about students, he only cares about himself. His lectures are numerous slides and the exams are over 400+ powerpoint slides. DO NOT TAKE THIS PROF. Worst prof I've ever had!!!
                
                   DO THE WEEKLY CASE STUDIES. This counts as a whole test grade and wrecked me in the end. Also, be expecting her to push her very liberal views. The tests/quizzes are very specific and often confusing. Usually you can control+F the answer in the notes or ebook. Put the answer that the book shows, not what common sense tells you.
                
                   This class is not easy! It requires a lot of hard work and the tests are not the least bit simple. The important thing is to not miss class, do the participation, and make sure that you do well on the quizzes. As long as you do well on those you will have a cushion if you do awful on the tests. Overall  she is a very reasonable professor!
                
                   I'm currently in this class & I'm counting down the days until it is over. She is an awful professor and has extremely hard test. We just took our second exam and our class average was a 50. Instead of curving the exam, like every other professor in the world would do, she is making us take another exam to try and fix the grades. That is insane. 
                
                   One of the rudest professors I have ever taken. She is so rude to students, and will pace back and forth while yelling at them. Her gets are ridiculously hard. There is a lot of readings that you are quizzed over every week. There is a long paper at the end. Attendance in mandatory. Case studies every week , which require about 3 hours preperation.
                
                   DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. You have to take a quiz once a week. You have 3 podcasts to do and 3 essays as well.  The 3 tests you take are pretty hard because you have no idea what to study for because the lectures are not helpful at all. i would definitely not take this class ever again.
                
                   Absolutely terrible. She does not teach. The lectures are just discussions that aren't even helpful. There's a lot you have to do. There's three podcasts and 3 essays. One of the podcasts is a group project. You don't get to choose the group so you'll end up with people that don't even have compatible schedules. Take it with someone else. 
                
                   Dr. Wilkinson isn't exactly in her forte teaching environmental regulations. (She's an ecologist) However, she is very passionate about environmental issues. She takes attendance everyday, but her lectures are not very interesting. Must buy the book, although the powerpoints are pretty much word for word from it.
                
                   Very nice lady, just hard to understand. She gives 3 exams and these things called RQ's. RQ's are like free grades, if you show up you get an automatic 100 on those. As long as you study the reviews and RQ's, you will do great. She loves her students and really wants you to understand the material. 
                
                   BEST CLASS YOU WILL EVER TAKE AT TEXAS A&M! I was in honors AGEC 105 with Professor Zhang and they treated us amazing. We got taken to Dallas (all expenses paid) to tour a Bank and they paid for an expensive dinner and everything. Her class is super easy as long as you look at her Review and the "RQ's." Loved loved loved this class!!!
                
                   He was an awesome professor, but make sure you pay attention. I know there's not much to do but party during the week, but be careful and study!!! Also, don't show up to class hungover. I didn't do it, but some AGR guy did and Housewright made an ass outta him! Great professor though!
                
                   One of my best teachers ever, it's nice to know that he is always there to help as long as you put in the effort!
                
                   He's so funny and a great teacher to have!
                
                   Awesome teacher, go to class and study the notes and you will do fine. There is no need to buy the book, he explains everything.
                
                   housewright is the greatest guy/teacher i have ever met. i owe him alot. if you ever need help with ANYTHING he is the man to got to, i have spent quite a while sitting in his office and just chatting with him.
                
                   for a city girl, it was fairly complicated, but he taught the class very well.
                
                   Greatest teacher i have ever had. More helpful than any of my teachers in high school. I actually enjoyed going to his class and never missed it. He is great!!
                
                   GREAT TEACHER....go to class listen and study the slides and you will do great in his class....
                
                   very helpful, fun classes, clear and concise.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   We love Housewright, he is the best professor around.  When he gets done getting Kim's evaluation done he's gonna help us with our Master's!  You Roc Doc!
                
                   He is a great teacher and I have lots of fun in his classes.  He is going to give me a GREAT evaluation for vet school also!!!  :) Kim
                
                   Stupid, stupid, stupid. Thats all i can say about her classes
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Make sure you make it to class every day!
                
                   A great lady to know.  More professors should be like her.
                
                   good teacher.  a little crazy.  gets irritated easily by stupid people.  very helpful, though.
                
                   Okay, that is if you can stand to meet the requirements of acceptance into her &quot;click&quot;.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Great teacher! love his lectures, he really gets you into the discussion and the labs are a blast as long as you dont mind getting a lil dirty and hands on
                
                   Professor Machado is amazing!! His lectures are super interesting and if you need help on a topic in the lecture or any animal questions hes there to help you. Quizzes are weekly but you just have to study notes to pass. Very clear on what he wants. Overall easy to understand and easy A as long as you show up to all the labs. 
                
                   great professor
                
                   Equestrian Coach.  Can be a bit in your face, but knows her horses.  Don't be put off by her less than stella attitude.  And don't be an idiot in one of her horse classes either.  She will call you out.
                
                   sucks!!!
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   good teacher
                
                   Good professor.
                
                   really understanding
                
                   You have to attended class, you never know what you will miss! She is very detailed and expects you to remember everything that was mentioned. You better do your study sets and read the book and look over her packets she hands out in class.
                
                   You must attend her class for Emerging Issues because her assignments are given out during her lectures and always STAY ON HER GOOD side. Also please reference your papers she will expel you for not referencing. Great teacher because of her I will be pursuing a Veterinary career, one of the best ANSC professors in this university.
                
                   Avoid if possible.  He is extremely dull and I learned next to nothing.  Don't bother disagreeing with him,  just take his side on the issues and you'll get an A.  There aren't any tests because there is nothing to test over.
                
                   Dr. Williams is a fun and funny professor. He takes boring subject matter, and realizes that it is boring, and makes it interesting. He is real easy to talk to if you have questions or concerns. I have spent lots of time sitting in his office. Take him when you get the chance!
                
                   I really learned alot in this class. If you show up ready to learn you will. He believes that girls can be just as skilled as guys, so there is no special treatment. I really enjoyed this class.
                
                   This class was awesome... I really learned a lot about horsemanship from the saddle. I learned lots of new techniques and a few troublshooting pointers. This is an excellent class for beginning****seman.
                
                   Awesome teacher, will help you with anything. Just dont show up to class early because she will not be there to let you in. Get there a couple of min late. But I love you Mindy, you are the best.
                
                   Dr. Stoddard is a well intentioned and kind woman. She has plenty of opportunities for you to get the grade you want, you just need to put forth the effort. If you can get past some very opinionated lectures, this is one of the easier classes I've taken. Dr. Stoddard is very helpful as long as you put forth the effort and do all of the assignments.
                
                   Dr. Stoddard was a great professor. She wants her students to succeed and is willing to work with you if you take the initiative. She keeps her lectures interesting and her students involved through group discussion and sharing.  You need to have the book as there are (easy) weekly online quizzes.
                
                   Great professor. Always willing to help. Gives a review power point. Study the review. Easy class since, I have an Ag background. Never heard anybody complaining about it his class. Easy A!!
                
                   Great professor and works in the electrical field with real world experience and examples. Take notes in class, do the homework and you will do fine.
                
                   My favorite professor at A&M ever. Really wants to see you succeed. His class is tons of fun, coursework not hard(would've made an A if I studied more). I took it over the summer & studied the night before/morning of for everything (made a B). If you have trouble, just talk to him! He loves his students! Do the little quiz sheets and you're golden.
                
                   Dr. Siebert is a great Professor and a great Individual. I would reccomend his class to anyone. Lectures are very enjoying!
                
                   Dr. Siebert is the most inspirational professor I have ever had. He truly wants to see his students succeed and he has been at A&M for a long time. He is one of those professors who you want to keep in touch with and one you will always remember. Go to class and soak up all of the knowledge and advice he gives, it really does help!
                
                   By far my most favorite professor, willing to do anything for students that try, he has a network like no other and his biggest goal is to get you a job so be sure to use it! Class is easy, attend take notes and read cases and you'll do fine.
                
                   Participation based solely on asking questions (related or not). Quizes for every case study (about 18 total). Tests 1 & 2 are ONLY on CLASS NOTES. Test 3 (different format, mine was vocab mainly). Final was to understand each case study and argue points from each case study and compare to some random problem he gives
                
                   really funny guy. nice too. and easy
                
                   This Guy is the mAn at A&M!  I had him 3 years ago, and the information that I learned, translated in setting up Ag markets in Iraq!  THis is not about a grade, but about life and relevancy to economic/geo-political environment.  Again, I cannot say enough, take this guy!  Always stay after class and attend lunceon with guests, all about networking
                
                   Very helpful!
                
                   Dr. Rotter's course was the best I took this semester. He is a genuine leader and a fantastic professor. He cares about his students and wants to help them in any way he can. I am taking as many courses with this man as I can.
                
                   great professor, there for you, always willing to talk, tells interesting stories. possibly my favorite professor i have ever had
                
                   He is a great guy, he really knows his stuff.  This class is difficult, but if you go to class and pay attention you'll get a B no problem.  This is writing intensive...but its a joke.  there was like 5 writing assignments- and they were only like 1 page each!!  but come to class and study you ass off for tests and you'll be fine!
                
                   although course is difficult, he makes it fun with his dry humour and sarcasm. If you just show up and pay attention, you'll pass. Do a few bonus assignments and an A isnt hard to come by. Highly recommended
                
                   This was my worst professor at Texas A&M by far, the only class I ever dropped. I do not believe in dropping classes so it was kind of a big deal. I did hear the final was a blow off but all test averages were in the low 50's. I am taking this class again with Capps. I do not believe Mjelde cares about his students. 
                
                   My experience in AGEC 217 with Menzies was great. It's professors like him that make me glad I am in the Agricultural Economics department at TAMU.
                
                   I wish Dr. Menzies could teach every AGEC class at A&M. His class sets the foundation for the rest of your degree plan and I, as well as many others, highly respect Dr. Menzies and have continued to go to him for help in many other courses, even after taking his AGEC 217 course. 
                
                   GOOD!
                
                   Dr. Menzies is a great professor! If you pay attention in class & read before class it's definitely an easy A! In class writing assignments are based on participation, the regular writing assignments aren't hard (he offers the TAs help). The tests are the only thing with a high difficulty level, but he doesn't grade them hard! Take him!
                
                   Dr. Love is very kind, sweet, quirky and dorky. Be prepared to do a lot of homework in this class and pre-lecture exercises. The pre-lecture exercises are easy but the homeworks are time consuming. You will have four Writing Assignments. Take note, he will make online quizzes and Writing Assignments due the day before an Exam.
                
                   Passionate about what she does. Enjoyable class but is a lot of work if you aren't prepared for it. 
                
                   Hard, time consuming class.
                
                   Professor Leatham seems to be clueless. But, in reality he knows what is going on. His exams are tough, but if you study you will be fine. I would recommend getting in a study group and you will be successful. He comes across as uncaring, and lost but that's just part of his drab, monotone charm. 210
                
                   I have only had a few professors that I cannot stand and Leatham has definitely topped the list. His lectures are long are boring. He has absolutely no clue what is going on. This semester when asked about the one of the quizzes that he assigns, he told us that he doesn't even know if the answers are right. DO NOT TAKE! TERRIBLE PROFESSOR!!!
                
                   Absolutely horrible prof. Has no idea what is going on in the class. Gives quizzes that he has no idea what's on them after every class, assigns way too much work in way too little time and says "that sucks" about the work load. Lies about grading weights. He has no idea what he is doing at all. DO NOT TAKE. You will struggle.  
                
                   Absolutely horrible prof. Has no idea what is going on in the class. Gives quizzes that he has no idea what's on them after every class, assigns way too much work in way too little time and says "that sucks" about the work load. Lies about grading weights. He has no idea what he is doing at all. DO NOT TAKE.
                
                   he is a great guy, but not very helpful teacher.  Your best bet is to get the old quizzes and exams and go to class and you'll be fine!!  he gives an optional final if you have 80% avg on tests and havent missed more than 3 classes!! i would recommend him, because you do learn alot about real estate appraisals!!
                
                   Funny old guy.  TA in study session teaches what you need for the class.  Class is mostly breezing through powerpoints and listening to stories.  He gives a lot of extra credit in what he calls a &quot;pinata&quot;.
                
                   He is the most "famous" professor in this department. Nothing of the materials are new, neither interesting. But you need to show yourself. Time is limited and if the guy before you wastes too much time, you won't have a chance. He is manipulating letter grades no matter how many points you get. Most ridiculous course in agecon guaranteed.
                
                   reads off the powerpoint and hopes that you learn the material. She expects you to know what to read before class even when it is not stated anywhere.
                
                   For an online class there is NO instruction. We had 2 assignments that each (typed) took SEVERAL pages on word. We also had 2 quiz's. Syllabus says to buy 5th edition book... the quiz's were from the 4th edition. We are also instructed to do a final paperpresentation with NO instruction on what is supposed to be on the presentation. Dont take her!
                
                   Best course I have ever taken!
                
                   If you don't understand sports this class is NOT for you. 100% of his analogies reference sports.
                
                   Cralle is an all around great prof! His lectures are super entertaining, funny, and he somehow ties everything back to the course material. Will never forget his class. He is inspirational and passionate in his teaching methods. Take this class! He will not disappoint. 
                
                   Dr. Cralle's class is a joke. Pretty much everyone got A's in my class. You just have to show up and he gives you 2 extra credit points per day. And that's on your final grade!! I learned absolutely nothing in this class but you'll definitely laugh at him, his jokes, and his teaching style. Study guides are the test. Word for word.
                
                   Super easy class if you just show up each day, take this guy, he's hilarious and you should get an A, work load minimal ( I took the non lab)
                
                   Super hilarious and makes class entertaining and you learn very easily just from being interested. You learn to appreciate his humor more and more and the tests are quite easy if you spend any time studying.
                
                   He has an interesting approach that makes class interesting.
                
                   The most amazing professor at Texas A&M and an incredible horseman. Take anything and everything he offers! Fabulous professor with tons to share. 
                
                   Dr. Cavinder was a great professor. If you pay attention in class and add on to the notes you're given you'll do well in the class. Tests are somewhat difficult, even for people with horse experience, but if you read over your notes you'll do just fine. He makes it really easy to get the grade you want and lecture never goes long. 
                
                   he's wonderful. anyone says anything bad about them they are stupid. he's so helpful if you ware willing to put in the effort he's willing to help you get the grade you want. he also a very fun and entertaining person. you'd be lucky to get in his class.
                
                   Good class to learn about the different classes and how they are judged. Professor favors students that he knows or those that are on the judging team. Tests are really hard so don't be surprised if you fail your tests. If you want an A you better work for it.
                
                   This was a good class.  I enjoyed this class more than 201, but 201 was good too.  The main problem that people have in his classes is not studying.  Even experienced equestrians need to study or you could be caught off guard with some of the test or quiz questions.  Just read over your notes and do the reading assignments and you should be good.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   pop quizzes, used as extra credit kinda. but it was pretty easy. practice tests are 90% similar to real tests. very easy overall
                
                   Capps is an awesome professor. His knowledge is incredible and he clearly LOVES his job and loves TAMU. He is very funny and interesting. He's also a 9/11 survivor and brought a first responder to talk to us the week of 9/11. Lots of extra credit. Not a hard class and if you miss class, you just have to read the book. Take Capps.
                
                   I didn't like economics at all in high school, so it's saying something that I liked going to his class.  Tests are not bad so long as you study the old tests, and there are a lot of opportunities for extra credit!
                
                   My favorite prof of my freshman fall semester
                
                   Dr. Capps is a great Professor and i would highly recommend to anyone having to take Ag Economics. The only reason I didnt have a B or higher was because i had to miss a week of class for a funereal. He is extremely helpful and has many opportunities to get your grade higher.
                
                   He made the class very interesting. You must go to class though because he gives quizzes for extra credit, tests were pretty easy.
                
                   Awesome proff with a wonderfull class!!!!!!!!!!!!!
                
                   She's one classy lady, and she's crazy intelligent.  Her lectures are interesting, she's an engaging speaker, and she's a babe.  Love her classes, love her.  (But she's not going to hand out grades; you've got to work for it.)
                
                   Great professor! If you put the time into learning, she will help. Open door policy. Tests are on the hard side, but go to class, do the homework and STUDY!
                
                   She is a fair professor as long as you show up and try. Don't be afraid to ask for help when needed and don't wait till right before the final because she will not be happy about that. Gives you ways to bring your grade up if it's not so good. Keeps everyone interested and gets them involved.
                
                   A nice prof to get along with!!!!!!!
                
                   This class is not as bad as what some people think.
                
                   Excellent proffesor very knowledgable.
                
                   He is hard.  He wasn't prepared for his classes.  Often times he was tardy. It seemed as if his mind was somewhere else.  He's very picky.
                
                   hate this guy
                
                   This guy is the hardest teacher there is. I even heard him say he has no sympathy for his students. He burdens people down with overwork. He is inconsistant when it comes to fairness. If he's had a bad day, he takes it out on his students. If he's had a good day, then he's generous with his students.
                
                   This teacher's teaching methods are ineffective. He alsoputs to heavy a work load on his students that few, if any have time to complete.
                
                   Make sure your good with calculations...
                
                   NO FUN IN HIS CLASSES !!!!!!!
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Professor Lust treats every student in his classes like he or she is stupid. He assigns busy work nonstop, and his lectures contain very little useful information. You have to learn almost all of the information on your own. Overall, this class is very boring, and you learn almost nothing from it. Take a different professor of you can, trust me!!
                
                   He is funny and cares about his students. Very clear cut about what will be on tests and the lab is a blast!
                
                   Dr. Lust is a great professor! He makes the material understandable. Especially if you didn't grow up on the farm like some students. 
                
                   Great at keeping students' attention and delivering difficult material in an absorbable manner
                
                   Awesome professor best animal science professor ever
                
                   Very nice, knowledgeable true southern man. His classes were always entertaining since he is funny and really energetic. The best professor I have ever had. You will learn and not dread coming to class!
                
                   Relatively easy class. If you study, you will get an A. Good teacher.
                
                   He's ok. He does have a tendency to put things on exams that weren't covered in the lecture, nor the reading assignments (what instructor doesn't&#63;) but, if his attention is drawn to it, he'll give your points back.
                
                   Not bad but not easy
                
                   Awesome  professor 
                
                   Great class! Dr. Kieth is very clear. His tests are kind of difficult but as long as you study you'll easily do well. If you're attentive and participate in his classes you'll do very well.
                
                   Dr. Kieth is one of the funniest people I know. During his lectures you laugh as much as you learn!
                
                   Dr. Kieth is very straight forward with what he asks on his exams however there might be a few questions that will stump you.
                
                   good professor
                
                   Very straight forward. She gives you everything you need to know in order to do well. If you pay attention and take the class seriously, you will have no problem! She is one of the sweetest professors on campus! Very willing to help you if you put in the effort.
                
                   This class was hard for me, but got an A, barely. Teaches from powerpoints, not the book. SUPER BORING CLASS! Take advantage of bonus point opportunities, they turn into  percent each of your overall grade at the end of the semester.
                