
                   I will give her a little bit of slack since she is a new professor, straight out of graduate school. This (Mandarin) Chinese class is designed for non-native speakers. However, she grades like if we were native speakers.  There were also words  that showed up on quizzes and tests that we have never seen the two characters together. 
                
                   Gives out coffee if you ask. The first 60% of the class is straight out of the text book.  The rest is from his extensive professional experience. Easy to do well in if you show up to class.  His humor takes attention to understand.
                
                   GO TO CLASS!!! He will kick you out for not going. Print his ppt's and take notes. Loves to talk about his experiences, but tells bad jokes. He tells you exactly what will be on his tests. Final was not comprehensive. Pretty easy class if you attend and listen.
                
                   Very much a textbook course. Read the text, study key terms and go to the reviews. He will tell you what will be emphasized on the exam. Professor has alot of real-world experience that he uses to supplement certain topics in his course. Very knowledgeable about international business.
                
                   very very good lectures by him
                
                   Dr. Waheed is my very favorite professor.  Facilitates dicsussion, assignments are relevant, he brings in very interesting topics.  I would take him again just for fun
                
                   Excellent professor. The best!!!You will learn lot about the real world. Analyze several cases, presentation, etc
                
                   Excellent professor. Very helpful class for the real world.Similarity to top schools like Harvard. Real cases and you will learn a lot
                
                   Amazing professor! He gives a lot of examples in class. Don't procrastinate on your project! Study hard for the test. The class isn't eassy but not impossible
                
                   This guy is a joke. His lectures are pointless and booooorrrring. But attendance is a letter grade so you need to goto class. He gets off subject very easily and talks about his personal travels and everywhere he has been. Then to top it off his test are three essay questions, and only three test, RUN!
                
                   Outstanding professor. Studying for exams can be time consuming, they are essay exams. If you take good notes in class and take advantage of the examples he provides, you will do just fine! He is always willing to help students whenever needed,  just dont wait until the last minute! Overall, GREAT professor, so intelligent, and   actually quite fun
                
                   Lecture off a powerpoint everyday. Hard to understand and very boring. You have to study hard for the tests and write answers word for word from the review he will give. 3 Tests and they are only 4 questions written. 1 big project at the end of the semester.
                
                   The class is what you make of it. If you don't study, there's no hope for you..he gives you a review and if you study those questions word for word and provide an example you will definetly get an A. Don't procrastinate on his group project and try to study as much as possible.Overall he's a great professor & he's kinda funny!
                
                   His accent isn't really a problem. His class lectures can be really boring, but the essays he puts on the tests are straight from the discussion questions at the end of each chapter and reviews the questions he will test you on in the review session.
                
                   Once you hear him speak, the language barier isn't so bad.  Takes his courses very seriously and is genuinely interested in his students.  Shows a good amount of interesting films and has lots of discussion.  I am taking my third class (2 undergrad and 1 grad) with him and expect an A.  Exams are essay so be prepared from his reviews.
                
                   Dr. Siefert was the VERY first professor I had at TAMU and it was a good place to start.  For some, like me, foreign languages can be intimidating.  Dr. Siefert paces the class wonderfully and is more than available to explain.  You will have homework EVERY night, but he provides wonderful feedback.  Highly Recommend (and I have him again for 102)
                
                   Dr. Siefert is extremely helpful! Very patient and always ready to help. Really encouraging and loves what he teaches.
                
                   GREATEST PROFESSOR I'VE HAD.  I struggled in German 101 but once I got to German 102 and had Dr. Siefert, everything became so simple.  He made it all really easy to understand and is one of the nicest professors I've had.  He's ALWAYS there to help.  Tests are really simple as long as you do the review, but expect lots of homework.
                
                   she's really fair and very well traveled/knowledgeable--presents all sides of issues
                
                   As long as you read the assigned readings, attend class, and do discussion questions every week, it's pretty easy to do well in this class. She is a very good professor, and I enjoyed going to class every week. 
                
                   Professor Hannaford is one of the best professors I have ever taken. Extremely clear and interesting lectures, and her knowledge of world issues is incredible. Easy A if you show up for class, participate, and pay attention. Would take her again in a heartbeat. 
                
                   Professor Hannaford is likely one of the best professors I have had in my college career. I took her for the intro to international studies class and felt that I learned more from it than all of my classes that year combined. Class discussion is very intellectually stimulating, however requires that you pay attention to readings and the lectures.
                
                   Took her for the basic intro class to my major, and she was great! The material could be a little redundant but she made it interesting. Being in class is super important-her lectures involve a lot of class discussion and there are some quizzes. Would recommend taking her! You can tell that she is passionate about teaching and loves her students.
                
                   She is an amazing teacher. I feel bad for those of you that dont get the chance to have her at all because she is great!
                
                   Bakelmann is the bomb! Best way to learn Russian is from a native speaker, and she helps you get the right accent.  Do ALL the work though, or you will FAIL. (really you have to try and fail. worst she will give is a C, but easy to get an A if you do everything.)
                