
                   Great teacher and very informative.
                
                   He is nice. smooth way of teaching, but sometimes gets mean.
                
                   SUCH A NICE GUY!  Really easy and caring.  best class EVER. so much fun.  take him!
                
                   He makes the lectures pretty interesting, especially with his great accent! The class has a lot of information to learn but its all interesting, at least for a wildlife major. Great professor! Definitely recommend him.
                
                   Great Proff! Go to the Lecture and you will be golden. Great sense of humor and really loves teaching the class and obvioulsly loves the subject. I learned alot. The tests are open ended, but not that bad. Just listen to him and soon your consious will have a little scottish accent too! TAKE THIS PROFF
                
                   Really enjoys teaching the class, post all his powerpoint notes online, love his accent made me really want to go to class, exams are fill in the blank but all comes straight off his powerpoints so pretty easy. class average on exams are between 76-86. of course some people dont study at all and bring the average down. I did better than avg on all.
                
                   First of all, enjoy his Scottish accent! He is easily approachable and extremely knowledgeable in his field (Ichthyology). Enjoy his hot lectures plus his hot TAs and be SO MUCH into Ichthyology (try hard) then you will get an easy A.
                
                   Dr. Gold is an amazing professor. He makes a subject that not too many people are excited about really interesting and fun. The class is super easy, but go to lectures. He posts the material online, but retaining the information is so much easier when you get his delivery. There is no textbook, but get the course pack.
                
                   No textbook! Just buy the notebook with outlined notes from the MSC. Dr. Gold is super nice! The tests aren't bad if you use your notes. He was always willing to meet and explain things more thoroughly if I did not understand them. If you attend the in-class lectures he does magic tricks on Fridays! There is also a bug eating day!
                
                   Dr. Gold was a wonderful prof. I took this class online and there is a booklet with outline notes you can buy at the MSC. Buy it and taking notes will be easy. The lectures are long sometimes, but not too boring. There is a group project which is easy, 3 easy writing assignments, 3 tests, movie review, and a crossword puzzle. Final is optional.
                
                   Do NOT take his class online. Someone warned me against taking this course online but I wanted to avoid Friday classes so I took it. Big mistake. There are no notes online, only TONS of long, boring lecture online that you have to watch. The exams are incredibly detailed and very difficult. If you need help, you won't get a response. Avoid!
                
                   He's an outstanding prof! I LOVE his class and he is always available for help!
                
                   If you want an A, be sure and cry; he is a Softie.
                
                   The only reason I would say she is unclear is that her grading is often not clear cut in the rubrics. She also takes quite a while to return grades on written works so that is frustrating initially when you are trying to get a feel for the course. Overall she is an incredibly kind person, and very willing to help if you are working/seeking the help
                
                   She knows what she's talking about, but she's very close-minded. If you don't share her opinions or beliefs about a poem or short story, you won't get a good grade. She also preaches Christianity in class almost every day, which I find offensive because A&M is a public school. I would suggest taking someone else unless you are really religious.
                
                   Great class
                
                   Tough to understand her accent at first but she's extremely willing to help. She's always available for office hours and is extremely lenient on her gradinglate work
                
                   The best teacher I have ever had. She loves her job and it is apparent by the way that she teaches. She is willing to help you with any problem you might have and will often extend due dates if students have tests. Getting to know her early on and showing effort in her class will go a very long way. Take her class.
                
                   Dr. Nair is a sweet lady. This  isn't a blow off class, unless you're GOOD at writing. Be prepared to bring in something new/fresh for the papers. She doesn't believe in exams. Whoo! There are other smaller writing assignments every now and then. We had to do two presentations over a poem and over the novel. Overall, I would take her again.
                
                   Very sweet teacher. Will work with you to get the grade you want. There are almost daily in-class essays. They are short and easy to write and as long as you put some effort into them you will not make lower than an 85. She gives a lot of A's on major essays.
                
                   Talks softly but knows his stuff! He give pop quizzes called RATS. Interesting material.
                
                   Very easy, impossible not to make an A, unless you tried.
                
                   I have had him for a number of classes and it is always fun and you learn a lot about the history of the bible without him pushing his beliefs on his students.
                
                   Awesome teacher!! She actually teaches you things, she doesn't just hand you a book and tell you to read it!
                
                   she is very helpful and easy to talk to.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Great teacher for seminar!!!
                
                   Well I had her for seminar and I loved her class, I am now signed up for her Public Speaking class. She has great teaching methods
                
                   This class was useless, didn't learn anything. Only thing this class did was add to my work load, with time consuming useless busy work.
                
                   She very sweet and always willing to help when someone needs it. Always very happy even in the morning which is when I had this class. She makes sure you have enough information so you don't go into your exams knowing nothing. Gives out random notebook quizzes so make sure to take notes in large lecture. But other than that she is great!
                
                   Amazingly easy going. Makes sure we are all updated on the campus events! Always shows uplifting cute animal videos on YouTube. Uses up-to-date technology to enhance our learning experience. She takes learning to a personal level and provides a good transition into college.
                
                   The class was great! Everything she tells you is very helpful and she is always willing to go over rough drafts and study guides with you. Class was fun! Goes out of her way to help you large lecture!
                
                   Mrs. West is a wonderful professor. She is the only professor that I feel I have REALLY learned from. If you study what she tells you to you should be fine. There is no excuse not to get an A in her class, she practically gives you what will be on the tests. She loves pop quiz's though, so always read ahead!
                
                   Mrs. West is extremely interested in her field. I never seen her be less than excited to answer questions or look over words we were unable to transcribe. This class is fun but not necessarily easy. Pop quizes will screw you if you miss them so show up for class!
                
                   Great teacher! Important to pay attention! Attend class and study. I got a high A!
                
                   She is a bit disorganized but lecture is clear and fun. She requires a lot of participation like writing on board. Quizzes are at the beginning of class so punctuality is imperative! She is always willing to help us with transcribing one on one. Tests & quizzes are easy if you study and always based on notes!
                
                   She is a good teacher and a nice person, I liked her class and committment.  Very supportive of students.
                
                   Real-world class discussions and mock exams helpful for putting cases in context and successful outcomes on exams.  Word limit on exam emphasizes legal analysis rather than typing speed.  Great professor!  Many are excellent, but Prof. Holland stands out due to his accessibility and effective teaching technique (communicates and uses tech well.)
                
                   This class started off really good.  But then he started skipping subjects because "he thought they would be too confusing".  This included the Erie Doctrine.  The problem is that the Erie doctrine is brought up in multiple classes and on the bar exam.  I would not take another class from him.  Also, he is really into himself, like disturbingly so.
                
                   This guy spent a lot of time talking about himself and not teaching. What he did teach, the commerce clause, isn't even tested on the bar exam. It was really embarrassing when other professors would have to stop class to explain con law concepts to us because we weren't taught them.
                
                   Meh...  He wasn't horrible, but I'll never take him again. Positive: interesting, tech-friendly, and goes so slowly that you won't even come close to finishing what is on the syllabus.  Negative: unorganized, changes the rules, grades arbitrarily, and leaves out some key legal concepts you should know in practice.
                
                   Professor Holland is an excellent teacher. He is highly intelligent and more than happy to devote his time and attention to students needs. I would recommend taking him for any class.
                
                   Good professor, all homework and quizzes are online, do the HW and quizzes and you'll understand the concept.
                
                   Dr. Fulmore is a great professor, he is a very approachable individual, and he will answer questions about homework even during the weekends. There is a lot of homework in the class but overall the class is not very hard if you keep up with the work. His open door policy really works. 
                
                   He doesn't follow his syllabus and doesn't give clear directions on how to complete the biggest assignments in the class. We literally have to guess as to what he wants to complete the group projects and he is absolutely no help when it comes to asking questions or for clarity on assignments. Tests have nothing to do with the homework. 
                
                   Dr. Fulmore is a great professor, he is always willing to help you, and his office door is always open for students. Take advantage of that. I assure you it will count at the end. 
                
                   I did not learn a lot from Acck 303 so I was lost but Fulmore helped me understand Acck 304 a lot and I feel better with the material.
                
                   I learned a lot from this class, Fulmore helps you a lot if you need it. Great teacher.
                
                   I took his class face to face.  I really liked the class and his teaching.  Does give out a lot of assignments!  A good amount of writing too.  Overall I liked the class though
                
                   Excellent professor,very knowledgeable, keeps class interesting and keep you guessing!!!!
                
                   Great professor! More should be like him!
                
                   Awesome professor! More should be like him!
                
                   Love Dr. Swartz!! He's very easy just make surr u study!! Participate in class. . He's very inspirational.. would take again 
                
                   Dr. Swartz is great! He has a severe stutter which can make him difficult to understand at times but he is extremely helpful and is always willing to help you out!Plus, it's amazing that he teaches a class on communication disorders and has a comm. disorder! I admire him, he's a great professor!Attend class and print out PPT's and you'll do fine :)
                
                   IMHO Webb was an awful teacher.  He constantly stumbled over the word &quot;statistics&quot; when I had him for Biostats.  And I Q-dropped GIS (I had a B at the time), because it was so boring and I couldn't stand Webb.  I wish I'd had a better Biostats teacher since I ended up having to teach myself and catch up when I got to grad school.
                
                   I asked him for help and he told me basically I need to Q drop. He didnt give a**** about this class or the students taking it, thank god he is not teaching it anymore.
                
                   didnt really want to teach this class and made it very aparent.
                
                   I took three of his courses and with the exception of a few times in Wetlands everything was kosher. He knows his stuff and if you are interested in the field, he can help you out. Ask questions.
                
                   You learn nothing from him because the only thing he cares about is his studies and not the students
                
                   Dont take an early Lab
                
                   do not make him angry he will change the entire semester worth of work!
                
                   Instructor was terrible, syllabus was vague and he was clearly annoyed at any questions regarding assignments. Do not take his courses!
                
                   He's kinda lazy when it comes to grading, sometimes responds to emails, and seems to be annoyed with the class frequently.  the most annoying thing was having the assignments due before 8am monday morning every week.  quiz and test questions can be extremely vague or confusing.
                
                   Thinks he knows it all
                
                   The course was dry! I would not recommend this class,
                
                   The material he prepared is useless I got nothing out of the class. The professor is even more useless
                
                   I did not enjoy the class very much, the topics that were stressed were of no interest to me. There were 2 projects, one with a group. Group projects teach nothing, except for hate towards lazy group members. For that alone I will rate a prof as terrible. I want to be in control of my own grade, not earning someone elses or depending upon others.
                