
                   Great teacher! Passionate and enthusiastic. Simple class. Attendance, homework (easy) and some class participation = A.
                
                   Great teacher, wants you to actively participate. trys hard to help you get an A.
                
                   Class is extremely easy. Her lectures do get a little boring at times but you could still easily pass the class without paying attention. Final took about 20 minutes to do and passed class with A
                
                   The thing I liked about her the most is overall she is fair and she is very prepared.  The work for the semister is spread out nicely.  The homework teaches you a lot, it's practically studying.  She also makes great use of the textbook.  She showed a movie that applied to the course.  I'd take a class again with her in a heartbeat.
                
                   Easy class.. All you have to do is the homework and the writings which is easy and she would pass you with an A. Take this class you would not regret it believe me.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   great
                
                   Thought I would enjoy this course....not so much! Didn't really get anything out of it.  Showing up is the most important part of taking this class
                
                   Easy A.  Don't skip class, do all the homework, and say something in lecture oncr in a while to show you are paying attention. She is very passionate, and knows practically everyhting.  I think she is great.  She even does extra credit. If you can't follow her lectures it is because you are a moron.
                
                   she is a wonderful teacher. it is up to you to do the work. yeah she lectures alot but that why its a LECTURE. i would say take this class. it was fun a worth while
                
                   Easy A
                
                   She sat at the front of the class for three hours and did nothing but lecture.  She did have her favorites and she made no attempt to hide it.  Alot of times it was hard to understand what she was lecturing about because she bounced back and forth.  She is a fair grader that's about the only good thing i can say about her.
                
                   very nice- great teacher- puts students first and outlines all expectations. Very fair- I took this clas with another person and it was terrible- SHE WAS GREAT and I learned a lot. No surprises and makes you THINK! You feel  like a college student in this class!
                
                   she was clear and all expectations are outlined. I took this class beofre (dropped) she was outstanding! She cooks and has extra activities- I enjoyed her!
                
                   Come on! She reviews the test and essays.  You know what is expected. She also gives many chances to earn extra credit.  Learned stuff that I never learned before. Love those snacks.
                
                   she not only cooked great food we had a good time! I got an A and did my work- she was clear and helpful!We also worked as a group and that was fun
                
                   OK- I know why there are some negative comments- get with it! Tina Turner move over- She was great- cooked for us, class projects, group projects -used the book in a limited way, but it was fine. She told it like it was - FAIR. Essays, papers, spells it all out. Not boring
                
                   VERY BORING! Repeats the same boring info that is not on the tests exery 5 seconds. &quot;So on, so forth.&quot;  Don't take this class unless you want to teach it to yourself! She doesn't even cover the entire book! Absolutely ridiculous! Hats have gotta go, this isn't 1950!
                
                   I agree with everyone else, this teacher is very boring and always seems to talk but nothing worth while ever comes out.  blah blah blah
                
                   very boring teacher, kinda like taking a class with Charley Browns parents &quot;wha wha wha&quot; (bring a pillow)
                