
                   AN OUTSTANDING CAPTAIN & KNOWS "THE PORT OF HOUSTON"& CARES ABOUT THE CADETs
                
                   Super nice, lots of possible extra credit, love using clickers
                
                   I was a bit weary entering this class, expecting it to be very difficult. Dr. Armitage is an AMAZING teacher- my favorite in years. She is very clear, her tests are fare, and she makes it interesting. Lab is very involved but fun to go out into the marshes.
                
                   Likes to confuse you when identifying plants. Also won't up your grade if it's a 79.9! Wth.
                
                   Captain Ford,                                                                       October 21, 2014 8:30 AM                                                                                                                                                                                                           First thank you for reaching out and pr
                
                   He seems like a real hard ass at first but talk to him after class and always ask questions. He is an awesome guy and really knows his stuff, but he isnt going to just give you the answers. You need to spend out of class time doing your own research.  for his tests just study the main topics in his lectures, but really dig into those main topics.
                
                   Three test that make up 90% of your grade and he gives just vague info on what will be on them The final was really hard and my grade of 70 was one of the highest in the class he's very friendly and helpful in his office but harsh in class
                
                   I've had him for both E-Nav and Sea I. Hes class can be fairly hard, but his lesson plans cover  most of what is on the test. He emphasizes nothing, so its the subtle details that make up the test. He makes you think on your own, and has a purpose with his somewhat odd structured class. For being a captain, he class is very educational.
                
                   Some people hate him some love him. just go to class and participate.
                
                   Dr. Talent is a great professor. He is a quirky and funny guy. I had a really rough semester with illness and a death in my family. He allowed me to do extra credit to bring my grade up. Test are straight forward. He gives a review. Attendance is not required, but tests come from notes. Class was very relaxing. I would definitely take him again!
                
                   He is an awesome teacher, he is really samrt, almost a genious! However if you're the kind of person who needs everything to be breakend down for better understanding for he is not your man, but other than than he is funny, open minded and really fflexible!
                
                   Dr. Talent is awesome- definitely a very funny guy and not afraid to show that he's a human too. Would definitely take again.
                
                   I really likes his class.  He is funny, and likes to entertain the class.  Was late almost every day.  Tests came from notes.  Attendance isn't mandatory, but need notes to pass test.  Final is super easy.  I would recommend him.
                
                   HE IS VERY GOOD TEACHER WHO GIVES EASY EXAMS STRAIGHT FROM THE MATERIAL HE GOES OVER IN THE CLASS.
                
                   A smart guy and a funny guy. Great class. I recommend this teacher.
                
                   This instructor is quite brilliant and keeps me interested during lecture. Most students do appreciate his sense of humor. Test all multiple choice 50 questions. Test are predominently from notes.
                
                   PRETTY EASY CLASS.  HE IS USUALLY ACTUALLY PRETTY FUNNY.  SOME OF HIS JOKES ARE LAME, BUT HE MAKES CLASS FUNNY.  HE IS A BIT DORKY THOUGH.  BUT IF YOU ATTEND CLASS AND TAKE NOTES, YOU WILL PASS EXAMS BECAUSE THEY ARE STRAIGHT FROM THEM. EASY A.
                
                   He is such a nice guy and he tells great stories & is so good at bringing the info down to a level you can understand. Explains things very succinctly. He is also very understanding. People take way too much advantage of this man. He is a brilliant and very humble professor.
                
                   VERY GOOD TEACHER VERY EASY EXAMS ARE STRAIGHT FROM THE MATERIAL HE GOES OVER WITH YOU IN THE CLASS EASY A CLASS
                
                   once a week class and we usually got out early. Fairly simple test layout matching multiple choice TF and sometimes short answer. The notes that he posts on E-campus are the most important part of the class the required reading is just there to help you understand them better. 
                
                   He posts almost an exact transcript of his lectures on Blackboard.  You don't really have to attend class, but he does take attendance.  The tests are easy - you just need to know vocabulary.
                
                   Marine Geography. Really boring class. His lecture notes and powerpoint slides are on blackboard. Class is once a week but always let us out early. Out of a 50 question test 20-35 of the questions were matching. The others were multiple choice. For the final, it was all matching. Easy class just study vocabulary.
                
                   He is a nice guy. His presentations are long, but the class is only once a week. Never keeps you for the full three hours. Gives you notes online, very helpful. Study notes, tests are mainly vocab. Interesting class.
                
                   This class is painfully BORING. Read your book as it is EXACTLY what's on his lectures. Tests are just like Marine Geo (All Vocab), last 2 tests are much harder and he nitpicks every little thing to take away points. Likes to play jokes on students/crack jokes here and there to keep class light. Oftentimes can be found laughing at his own joke. :)
                
                   I have Dr. Mohler for Marine Geo and he is a fairly easy professor.  The Stilgoe presentations are so boring but take note of the vocabulary used in them.  The book really isnt needed since he posts all of his notes online. USE THESE NOTES. He is very scattered and his handwriting is horrible but his tests are easy and full of vocab. Very nice man.
                
                   AMAZING CLASS, Very helpful, Chris really tries to help you and get you to learn the material and enjoy the labs, guest lectures help you to see teachers you may have in the future so you know a bit about them. best class I ever took. Chris goes one on one and really wants the best of everyone, and is patient as hell. recommend to all marbs!!!!
                
                   Dr. Brinkmeyer was amazing.  I used to dread genetics and now I want to incorporate in my career.
                
                   Dr. Brinkmeyer is a wonderful professor. She will help you in any way possible for you to pass. Also, very informative with genetics.
                