
                   My favorite prof so far. He loves what he is teaching so his lectures are always full of energy. This class is not easy though, neither is the lab. It requires a lot of studying for both plant ID, and the exams. Wordy exams, two hard finals. You will learn so much! He is super nice too.
                
                   Not an easy class, but not impossible. Requires ALOT of studying for both lab and lecture. There are quizzes in both and sometimes it feels like  you're taking two classes instead of one class with a lab. Two very hard finals as well
                
                   Arnold is very knowledgeable about all of his material. He is helpful if you have questions, gives lots of bonus (and you'll need it). Tests are very wordy and there is not always time for every question. Overall a great class I learned so much!
                
                   No Comments
                
                   This class is amazing! Class is only one day a week and everything is online. Professor Hall is very entertaining and makes class very enjoyable. Would highly recommend!
                
                   This class was pretty easy, but you do have to study. She does give study guides a week before each test, and they count for extra credit if you do them. She explains everything, and while attendance isn't mandatory, it makes everything SO much easier. She's a really great prof and does her best to make a not-so-interesting subject fun.
                
                   He makes lectures really interesting! He tells you exactly what's going to be on the test during class so I would definitely go. You do have to study a lot but I would take him again!
                
                   Dr. Reed is one of my favorite professors. He is hilarious, makes material easy to understand, and lectures are rarely boring. Throughout lectures he will give you examples of exam questions and will let you know what will and will not be on the exams. There are 4 exams and 1 comprehensive final. You are allowed to drop 1 test (drop the final). 
                
                   Only 4 exams and a final, but he will drop the lowest out of the 5. Lectures the whole class off a course packet that you can purchase (BUY IT). He tries to make class fun but can get off topic easily. Take notes and you can pass easily. 
                
                   He is really funny and great at explaining topics because he fully understands the subject. If you show up and get the information, you should pass. The subject is pretty boring,  but he makes it interesting.
                
                   Dr. Reed is a good prof! He makes lectures fun and entertaining! He is very passionate about what he teaches. He videos all lectures so if you miss class or need to review material it's there. His exams are very hard, so studying is a must. There are 4 exams and then a final which is comprehensive. 
                
                   Dr. Reed is a good prof! He makes the lectures fun and entertaining, and is very passionate about what he teaches. He videos all his lectures, so you can go back and watch if you missed class (because he does not take attendance) or need to review material. His tests are extremely hard, so if you do not study, you will not pass!!
                
                   Dr. Reed is one of the best professors ever! He really brings life to the class and helps you to see how interesting it is. His lectures are always funny and never get boring. I would definitely take this class again!
                
                   He is absolutely hilarious and passionate about horticulture. If you are thinking about taking this class to satisfy the science requirement, it is easy enough to make an A in with minimal effort.
                
                   I was never really interested in taking Horticulture but Professor Reed made it interesting and fun! He was by far my favorite professor that semester. He puts up practice exams before each test and also has a review in his class the day before the exam. Worth taking!
                
                   He is by far one of the greatest profs you'll have. Helped me bring my grade from a D to an A. drops the lowest test grade and always tries to help the student first
                
                   Dr. Reed was by far my favorite prof!!! Extremely hilarious (brought me many tears of laughter) and knows what he's talking about. There are 4 tests plus an optional final but he drops your lowest grade! Tests are easy if you study and pay attention in class. Definitely recommend him! Made going to class fun!
                
                   Dr. Reed is LITERALLY the BEST professor I have EVER had. He is super funny and is really good at making difficult concepts simple! If I could take him for all of my HORT classes I would. Class isn't mandatory because the notes are pre-typed in a spiral but trust me you will want to go.
                
                   amazing  prof. Very knowledgabl. Makes lectures  interesting  that's  for sure. Tests are your only grades. Theres 4 non  cumulative. If you study youll do fine  and if u pass the tests u dont have to take the final!
                
                   Prof. Reed is a great teacher, and very funny. He is very laid back, and good with visual demonstration. Goto the exam reviews, he will tell you almost every question on the exams there. If you miss a class, it can be viewed in the WCL In class he will also tell you the material he wants you to know. He was by far my favorite professor of the year.
                
                   Favorite Class of the semester! Professor Reed makes class so fun that I actually wanted to go. His lecture supplement was written by him so it helps ALOT with tests. He records lectures so if you miss you can go watch it. He makes everything very visual so you understand it better. But be prepared to study for tests, those are your only grades.
                
                   Great prof-- horticulture isn't really my thing. I took it for my Life and Physical Science credit and I am praying to make it out with a B. 
                
                   Dr. Reed truly cares about horticulture and his students. He knows the material and lectures in a way that is easy to understand. Lectures straight from the Lecture Supplement, don't buy the extra book. You won't need it. Highly recommend taking, easy B if you don't do anything. Posts lectures online. Great review sessions, TAKE THE PRACTICE TESTS!
                
                   Absolutely LOVED this class. It wasn't super easy, but he made it super fun and entertaining. Would definitely recommend. 
                
                   Dr. Reed is a very interesting guy, and will try his hardest to make all of his lectures interesting and clear by relating it to things that the students see and witness each day. He wrote his own lecture book and lectures directly from the information in the book. The tests are difficult, but he is usually holds review sessions to help refresh.
                
                   Super funny, truly enjoy his class. He makes the material interesting. 
                
                   She is very clear on her grading standards and there is very minimal work. There are two relatively short essays, a midterm, and a final. She is very passionate about the research she does and I respect that. She is willing to help if you need it, but the class is pretty easy so you wont really need it. 
                
                   I took her at UC Davis for environmental horticulture 1 and the class was easy. The 2 tests were easy as long as you study a little. There were 2 papers that were graded fairly easy. I got an A
                
                   Try to take an alternative professor if you're taking this class because it's required and just want to get by. This is my favorite class of all of those I've taken at TAMU, mostly because it was so indepth and detailed. Some might not like that aspect of it. She's very clear, nice and helpful when you need help. Daily quizzes though.
                
                   Super sweet lady! Go to class and take notes. I read notes before the exams and got A's on all. 
                
                   Dr. Z rocks as an instructor!!  I will hate it if she retires before I finish my degree!
                
                   I did not like this class. I loved the lab but I dreaded going to lecture. I don't know what it is about her but her lectures are extremely boring. Lab is so much fun you learn to make really cool designs but the actual class part really sucks. Easy A though, just try to not fall asleep in lecture.
                
                   Very helpful but leads you to learn on your own. Great personality and fun, sharp dresser, very cool...
                
                   Very nice and very helpful likes mules and donkeys
                
                   Dr. Z is the greatest!
                
                   The worst class I have ever taken. The lectures were subpar, and she didn't seem to care when you approached her with questions or concerns. I don't feel she had a very good grasp of the material herself. During the greenhouse construction portion of the class we never once went into a greenhouse to be shown what we had studied. If I had known 
                
                   3 exams, a few quizzes, group project, and wine tastings in class! Quizzes are easy, and you may be exempt by answering clicker questions correctly. Gives reviews for every exam, but you'll want to do more than just skim. Tougher than the quizzes, but still pretty easy. Uses clickers randomly for questions and attendance. Field trip to a winery! 
                
                   Dr. Novak is an encyclopedia... he knows everything. He does so much for the Hort Dept it is amazing. Yes, his tests are hard and he can be a little hard to follow but he has tons of extra credit hours available. He does not mock students... the immature students who rated him poorly don't know how to behave in his class or study. He is Awesome!
                
                   Dr. Novak knows alot of things about horticulture and although his tests can be a little tough, there is many opportunities to do extra credit. As long as you're assertive and on top of things, you'll be fine.
                
                   
                
                   He can be a little short fused, but he is very passionate about what he teaches. If you show any interest in the class at all then he will help out a ton. I enjoyed the class very much.
                
                   This is an elective...he is not helpful, mocks students, and makes u feel stupid. If u like that sorta thing...he is for u
                
                   I took a one hour course from Dr. Lineberger and would take another. He's really knowledgable about computers and gives lots of honest criticism about our written assignments and oral presentations without grading harshly. He was also real understanding if you had to miss class or leave early, and was generally a very friendly prof.
                
                   I graduated 4 years ago and I still look back on him as one of my favorite professors.
                
                   I learned a lot from Dr. Lineberger.  He's really approachable and terribly enthusiastic about computers and using the web for outreach in horticulture.
                
                   This class covers material you could major in. So there is a sh_t ton of info. You need to master it for the semester, and then you'll forget 98% OF IT....
                
                   Took him for Plant Propagation. His supplemental lecture is awful and sometimes his lectures are unclear but he's very helpful and willing to explain anything. If you go to most classes and are making an A you don't have to take the final.
                
                   Super easy. 3 exams and a cumulative final, plus the lab that goes with it.  He gives a test review and test bank for each exam and 90% of the exam is questions from the test bank, so if you study that you'll be fine. Don't even have to go to class. Lab is pretty easy, you can use your lab book on exams
                