
                   So my class was kinda a disaster, but not due to Cahill. He was really supportive of us and wanted us to do well. The most frustrating part about the semester was the lack of feedback from the peer teachers, so I ended up with a B because of it. He cares a lot and I'm taking taking ENGR112 from him this semester. Just make sure to pay attention.
                
                   Cahill was a great teacher and knew how to relate to college kids.
                
                   Dr. Cahill does not teach using the book.  I would hesitate to judge him based on the semester he had to travel a lot, but if you pay attention and read the book, the class is easy enough.  He is more than fair and a VERY kind instructor.  I would suggest him to everyone, IF you have enough self-motivation to read the text book.
                
                   Great professor and insanely helpful. Easy A if you put the work in. He's incredibly understanding and wants you to succeed. Very excited to take him for other classes.
                
                   Chinn is seriously the best professor I've ever taken. He gets off topic and talks about random stuff at times but makes everything really interesting. He gives a bunch of extra credit but I doubt you'll even need it. I would absolutely take him again! Has pop quizzes but sometimes he tells you the day before so you know to go to class. 
                
                   Loved this class! Mr. Chinn is such a nice guy, and I would love to take classes from him again in the future.
                
                   Not a great lecturer. Leaves out intermediate steps in explanations. If you ask a question that he thinks is stupid, which are most questions, you will suffer for it. Hates the sound of yawning in his class. Gets easily frustrated with people who are less intelligent than him, which is most people (his opinion). Hard to reach outside of class. Ugh.
                
                   If at all cost avoid this class. He does not follow the book, does not care about the students, and has a grader who has not taken the class. The grader also has to create their own solutions to the design problems. Mander is the worst teacher I have ever been attempted to be taught from.
                
                   Good prof- works clear examples in class and is more than willing to help in office hours/after class. He always let our class out early and would hold a non-mandatory review session after each class, but these are incredibly helpful and often have test questions. Weekly quizzes, but they're a lot like the homework. Gotta do the hw to pass
                
                   Dr. Wang is a nice enough man but there are a few elements he is just not able to teach.  The good news is that you can figure these things out easily on your own.  Showup everyday, appear to pay attention in class, put in the effort and you can get an A.
                
                   Surveying. Dr. Z. He knows his stuff, but explaining it to us was another thing. We were continuously confused by the material, if you can take Dr. Chinn. Even doing all the homework and doing well on it, I did not feel prepared for the tests at all.
                
                   This professor will screw you over! He never gave a single grade back then varied grades between teammates.
                
                   Excellent professor
                
                   This teacher reminds me of a big Captain Morgan, especially with his name.  He is a decent teacher, and he offers extra time to help students who aren't clear on whatever he is teaching.
                
                   Tests are weighted heavily.  Homework is due during every lecture.  Hilarious professor, but enjoys calling on students during lecture.  Attendance isn't mandatory, but he will call out people's names off of the seating chart and if you aren't there he marks it off.  Who knows if it actually changes your grade though.  
                
                   Lowery can be confusing at times. When i messed up and got a 60 in my first test i worked so hard just to scrape a B. 3 tests, 30 points each, 10 points are quizzes and homeworks. Overall, above average. If you work for his class, you will reap rewards.
                
                   Lectures were dull. He randomly picks names to ask questions. If you're present (even if you get the question wrong) he'll add up to two points to your quiz grade.
                
                   I had him in 1998 for Statics/Dynamics. He's a riot, very entertaining and I think his teaching method was great/easy to learn. One problem: he had us in groups of 4 and we took a quiz individually, he gave everyone in that group of 4 the lowest quiz grade. He said that we need to take on the responsibility to help the person with the lowest grade 
                
                   very interesting proff. to take....funny funny funny!!!!!!!!!!!!  make sure you go to class though
                
                   Lots of Material covered in the class
                
                   Beason has all of his lectures online. So you have to watch the video before class but that way he only has you stay in class for half of the two hour period. He gives quizzes once a week. No point of going to class the day without the quiz. I am taking him again next semester.  No extra credit though.
                
                   Nice guy, will work with you
                
                   I did not do so hot on tests even though he does prepare you for the questions. I  am just bad at tests. Otherwise he was very willing to help me out and if it were not for him I would not have passed the class. Almost all homework came form the book, and he does a great job explaining the material as well. I will take him again if I can.
                