
                   Dr. Athreya is an excellent professor. Yes, this class was difficult at first, but once you get the hang of taking notes, it becomes easier. I truly enjoyed this class and am planning on taking another course with her.
                
                   I got an A in this class. Best advice is to go to class everyday, try and keep up with the notes (she talks fast) but she lets you tape the class, DO THIS! I relistened to the lectures which was really helpful when studying. Its a lot of material but if you put the studying in you should be fine. I really liked the class.
                
                   I agree with all the comments displayed. She talks too fast, gets distracted, talks about irrelevant stuff, contradicts herself, confuses herself, and horrible exams. This is one of the hardest classes I have taken (I am a junior). You will regret taking it, DO NOT TAKE IT. DO NOT TAKE IT. DO NOT TAKE IT.
                
                   She speaks super fast and will not slow down at all. No technology is allowed at all. She is insecure, cold, and easily distracted. Often she tells us things about her personal life that have no correlation to the material. When lecturing she will often give wrong information and then have to correct herself later.
                
                   This professor is intellectually insecure and does not respond well when students challenge or question her. She often said one thing and then said something very different later in lecture. Her grading system is subjective and it is likely your grade will not be an accurate reflection of your work.
                
                   I have never had to work so hard in my life. Very demanding professor. She is great one-on-one, but can be very very cold and short-tempered in a classroom setting.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   It is essential to attend class. Nearly everything on the test comes from the lectures. I thought all of the lectures were really interesting but there is a lot of information to absorb with some of them and if you want to make good grades on the exams you'll have to study a lot and do some memorization. Dr. Alvard makes it very interesting though.
                
                   Dr. Alvard is a interesting character- I love listening to him. He is not afraid to say what he thinks.  It is fun to hear his worldly/non-conformist perspective. The lectures are easily understandable and the subject is very interesting-make you think about how you think/live. 
                
                   I would not recommend taking this class if you are not at all interested in Anthropology. He definitely knows his subject but skips around and powerpoints are not very helpful. The tests are mostly off the reading and the extra stuff he throws in during lectures. If you want to pass you need to go to class and study a lot. 
                
                   After first test never went to class, and I made a B on the second test. SUPER EASY. Puts all lecture slides online, and the test review. Tests are pretty easy, do need to study vocal, and pay attention to details on the different tribes. Interesting class, and you can teach yourself the information. Take him!
                
                   I really enjoyed this class. The lectures are very easy to understand and the readings were fairly easy. Dr. Alvard is very helpful if you're having trouble. He is an outspoken athiest, but he doesn't try to push his views and welcomes rational discussion and debate.
                
                   Nice guy. Passionate about the subject.
                
                   pretty difficult but very interesting.you will learn a ton in here.don't come in hoping for an easy grade though.  if you talk to him though, you should get some leverage on your grade.  he brought mine up 2 or 3 points.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Well, this class should have been easy, but since it was my easiest I gave it no attention at all and ended up with a C. The tests are not that hard but I should have studied a lot more. It's a lot of material. Just read over the sections (I did not do that), but the majority of his test questions are from online quizzes or that we made in class.
                
                   4 the culture book, we made the ?s which were put on the exams. We didn't know until the last week of school that he was going to put ?s on the final from that book we did not make. He called it his "surprise section."Read both books if you want to make an A in his class. He was never consistent with his tests; make sure to read the book to be safe
                
                   He was very easy going and obviously loves what he does! I would definitely take this class again!
                
                   New to teaching but not a bad teacher. He has quizzes over some readings outside of class so you kind of have to go but the class is interesting so it's not that bad.
                
                   He's a grad student so relatively new to teaching but he did well. I really enjoyed the class, it was interesting. You can get a good grade no problem if you go to class.
                
                   DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS! The workload and reading required for this class are ridiculous - too much to be considered an introductory class. The tests are extremely hard and specific, in order to do well, you must watch every lecture diligently as well as the assigned movies and reading from the two books. With that said, good luck! 
                
                   This class was the worst class I have ever taken at A&M. For a beginners course, it was absolutely ridiculous. He does curve, but I would take the in-class lecture versus the online class. You will stay more discipline because the work adds up quick. I would not recommend this class to anyone. 
                
                   This class blows... Beware. I heard it was easy and I was sadly mistaken. By the end of the year I was banking on him giving his usual 15-20 point curves on the test because everyone failed so miserably.
                
                   This class started out easy and only got harder as the course went on. His lectures are very long, and the reading for each test is about 5 chapters. Some sections were interesting, but for the most part I was bored during these online lectures. The class is definitely passable, you will need to put more time than you would expect into studying.
                
                   Make sure you read everything he assigns and study way in advance. His tests are very difficult.
                
                   This class is not at all what I thought it was going to be. Anyone thinking about taking this class with Professor Bryant should consider a different professor or a different class all together.
                
                   There is loads of reading and I recommend going to his lectures. Don't panic if you miss one though because he puts his notes up online. Make sure you remember the readings and answer the review question at the end of each one of them. That where most of the reading questions come from.
                
                   There was far too much reading required for this class, although I was able to get through it all. The exam questions were very specific from both the readings and lecture material, making them more difficult than they should have been.
                
                   There's a ton of outside reading, and the tests are very specific. I would get very annoyed during lectures and he was NOT helpful. The one day a student tried asking a question he was very mean about it.
                
                   WAYYYYYYY TOO much reading for the tests...I found that it was very hard to get through all of the information needed for the test before them. I also met with him for help about how to be more successful on his test, but he was useless offoring not suggestions or information. Clearly just a waste of my time to go see him. I defintely have NOT enjo
                
                   Very good professor. He is extremely intelligent and a very good teacher. There was a LOT of reading in the class and the tests were about 40% reading, 60% lecture. He did make all the notes, movies, and lectures available online, which was extremely helpful for studying and if you missed class. Last 1/3 of the class focused on the Middle East.
                
                   took the internet class, if you don't watch the lectures you WILL FAIL.
                
                   I had him for introduction to anthropology when I first attended A&M. It was an elective. The class was pretty interesting, but there was too much outside reading. He has been many places and is full of knowledge. The class can be a strain if you are not in this major and/or taking a full load. If this is your major, go for it. If not, reconsider.
                
                   Easy class, easy readings, and easy exams... as long as you go to class and read everything.
                
                   i enjoyed this class and didn't find the reading that bad.  i think i learned a lot, even if he is a very outspoken liberal.  i don't know why people didn't like it, i had no problems.  very straight forward information, easy to memorize
                
                   this guy is soo hard... WAY too much reading... do not take it
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Chris is a wonderful professor that makes class easy & enjoyable. He has quizzes he gives out periodically, but they arent bad at all if you read. His tests can be hard but if you study hard & do his review then they are pretty easy. you have to work hard, but the grades come along with it.
                
                   As a non-major, Dr. Carlson made the class very interesting and easy to understand - you can tell from her lectures that she's passionate about her work and cares about your grade. The only gripe is the lack of a book and that lecture slides aren't posted online, although she made the final an online group final to make up for this.
                
                   Professor Carlson looks like he stepped straight off of a safari van/Indiana Jones' dad. He really cares about his students and wants them to do well. I've had him 2 semesters in a row and he is easily my favorite professor so far at TAMU. The only downside to his classes is the amount of reading, but it's clear from day 1 what is expected of us.
                
                   I hated this class. Not because it was difficult (it wasn't) but because it was disorganized, boring, and I was expecting something different. Anthropology 201 is supposed to be an introduction to anthropology class but we didn't do a wide variety. We basically only talked about Evolution. Which is fine, but the class shouldn't be branded as broad.
                
                   Read the books and create a study guide.  A good idea is to create a google doc for the whole class based on the outlines he gives.  The whole class can edit it and then you all benefit from studying it.  Thats what our class did, and it was EXTREMELY helpful.
                
                   Dr. Carlson is a great prof for those interested in paleoanthropology. If you're looking for more of a cultural and social anthropology centric class, then don't take this one. Read the books assigned and form a good study group and you should have no trouble passing, all tests and papers are based on these books! 
                
                   He is super nice and very interested in what he is teaching. He grades pretty easily but that's not to say you don't have to work an learn the material, I enjoyed his class.
                
                   The tests are not multiple choice but he is an easy grader on the essay and the term definitions. He is extremely nice and very helpful. He loves answering questions.
                
                   Easy professor, gave us reviews for the exams. Each exam was over a different book, not terribly difficult. Had three essays as well. Very easy grader, I received 100 on all three essays with very little effort. Attendance isn't mandatory but if you're between grades he'll bump you up if you have good attendance.
                
                   Very helpful and nice
                
                   Very easy professor. Loves to answer questions and engage students in the lectures. He is very flexible and very approachable. Loved taking his class this year!
                
                   He is really passionate about the subject he teaches even though he specializes in archaeology. He's easy to talk to and very flexible. Sometimes his lectures are dull but the class was interesting at some points. He gave us key points to study for his exams when we asked him to.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Good professor overall. Gives a lot of extra credit. Tests are fairly easy if you study and have a lot of short answer and essay questions. Make sure to go to class if he is showing a video and read the online articles (there is an overwhelming amount) because you will be tested over it. Easy A if you do the extra credit.
                
                   I get the feeling that he doesn't like students a whole lot, but I really enjoyed the class and attending the lectures overall. The TAs are very helpful.
                
                   Dr. De Ruiter is probably the best prof I've taken! 3 non-cumulative tests, just read and study the notes before the test and you're good. He DOES NOT provide notes online, so go to class! He's also a very interesting lecturer, so you won't regret going. Definitely take De Ruiter!
                
                   made the material really interesting
                
                   He is very easy if you listen in class and read over the slides
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Best prof to have for 604. Purely lecture so take good notes.  One book review and one research paper. Presentation over research paper material. German accent but it's not hard to understand him.  On the exam, give partial credit like nobody's business so put something down.
                
                   If you have no knowledge of anthropology then I would not take this class. The only reason I passed this class was because of my TA who was amazing. I learned way more from her. You will have I-Cliker quizzes everyday and those are 25 points of your total grade. You MUST read and  the test have very small details in them.
                
                   Sweet lady, but she makes the subject boring. It's definitely not impossible to make an A, but her tests do include tiny little details.
                
                   theory based class, not at all what I was expecting. she's funny though, tests are easy if you study the book and review sheets!
                
                   She's passionate about the material so she makes it interesting, and she's really laid back. You kind of need to go to class because she pulls out important information from the textbook that will be on the test. Online quizzes and class discussions boost your grade, good class overall.
                
                   He is very specific on what he expects from you, always helpful, and has a true passion for anthropology. Definitely made me interested in the subject.
                
                   Karl is probably the best professor i have encountered in my college career. He designs his course to be simple if you actually study for a very short amount of time. He makes the lectures and materials interesting and is always there to help or just have an interesting conversation.
                
                   I wasn't sure about this class when we started --- seminar facilitation, can't just sit there, lots of participation and class discussions.... but it challenged me and now I think it's the best class I have ever taken.  Lots to think about!
                
                   It wasn't a blow off course.  I gained a lot more respect for the subject.... it was probably the most interesting class I took in my  undergrad.  
                
                   Professor Laporte was Awesome
                
                   Awesome professor... this is not my major, but I thought about switching after her class. Real world applicable content and really made me think.
                
                   She is very funny, yet explanatory. After her class, I gained a lot more respect for this subject, not to mention interest. She does not give exams, AT ALL. She only assigns Research Papers and Reflection Journals which are not time consuming in the least. She is very inconsistent on grading though, but offers help.
                
                   This professor is very helpful and nice. Now, with that said, her lectures and the way in which she taught class was very confusing. Her tests were often worded strangely and confused many students. There were about 30 students in my class and the test average was a 70. Do not take this professor! Only if it is your last resort! This was my only B.
                
                   EASY! His tests are very straightforward as long as you pay attention and take good notes. I managed to make an A on every single test and made a 100 on the paper. I definitely recommend Lynch. 10/10
                
                   Very very easy course. His lectures can be a bit boring but they are pretty interesting. His tests are basic trivia and on random days he gives out 2 question quizzes that I can do in my sleep. Take this course if you want an easy A! 
                
                   Dr. Lynch is an excellent instructor, TAKE HIM! He is straightforward with a perky attitude and overall a good person.
                
                   Professor Lynch is awesome.  Tests are easy, 50 question multiple choice, about 80% lecture, 20% assigned reading.  Tests are basically memorization of vocabulary and the examples he gives in lecture. Gives 15 "pop quizzes" but they are very predictable and easy as long as you were in class for the lecture. 3 tests, no final. 1 easy article review
                
                   Dr. Lynch is a cool and easy prof. Really easy non-accumulative exams that are based more so on memorizing terminology than anything, one short essay, about 15 "surprise" quizzes that are very easy and sum up to 30 points of the final grade and allow you to get up to 15 e.c. points! Attend class every day because he doesn't post his slides online.
                
                   He was great! His lectures are interesting and if you go to class, he gives a chunky outline of notes that are the exact same topics on the tests. Also gives study guides, super easy quizzes (IF YOU GO TO CLASS), and the tests are all multiple choice and basically memorizing vocabulary/concepts. He's also super funny.
                
                   I went into this class with a negative attitude, but Professor Lynch made the class interesting. He is very passionate and super helpful when approached. The tests were real easy if you went to class. Highly recommended!
                
                   Melissa is a grad student, not even a professor. She seems sweet, but is an awful public speaker. When she tries to explain a point, it just comes off confusing and filled with many um's and pauses. She said she will pass around an attendance sheet randomly throughout the semester, but never did. Be there for movie days because there is a worksheet
                
                   Mueller is a VERY easy prof! The only thing is, SHE IS REALLY MONOTONED!! She's visited so many places yet, she shows no enthusiasm whatsoever, so she may or may not put you to sleep. DO show up to class because she doesn't put up her powerpoints online anymore. GO to class, take the notes from her slides and you'll have an A!
                
                   Class was easy. Slides were online so going to class was not mandatory. Melissa was great, although sometimes class would get a bit boring. Had to do some reading in the cultural sketches book, but chapters were not that long. 5 quizzes, 3 tests, 1 research paper (she graded very easy on), and 2 extra credit assignments worth 20 pts to final grade.
                
                   Interesting class! She's a bit monotone at times and her lectures can often get boring, but she is very straightforward.        Class isn't mandatory because the slides are online; she gives two extra credit opportunities. Overall, good class!
                
                   He is so amazing. The class is easy, but the final is no joke don't slake off on it. One of the best classes I have ever taken and I wish he taught other courses. Take his class and you won't regret it.
                
                   Dr. Pepper is an excellent professor with an eagerness for his students to learn more about different cultures and people of the world. It was a wonderful class that I really enjoyed and if you turn in all of the assignments and projects on time you will come out with an A. All work is group work. One final, but you need to know the information.
                
                   So entertaining, he comes into class with an a great personality and I had class at 8 am.  He made this class fun and easy to learn.  I read some of the textbook but he tells you what you need to know.  He lets you know what you should write down and what you shouldn't.  I recommend this class for everyone.  It was really great.
                
                   Super nice guy who is eager to teach students. He has a quiz once a week but they are mainly for attendance purposes and are pretty easy 100s, his tests are similar to his test reviews and his class is an easy a as long as you give some effort. 
                
                   She is very passionate about the subject. She is also very funny and conveys information the way she would like to have learned it. Because she is young, she relates some material to pop culture. On days when less than half of the class is present she gives extra credit. Lectures are posted online. There are reviews before every exam.  Great class.
                
                   he really cares about his students and want them to pass. he helps explain and does review before each test. would take him again
                
                   Great professor. He knows his stuff and is always there to help. His tests consists of multiple choice, fill in the blank, and short answers. You also have to write a 500 word paper. I made a 71 on the first test without studying, I made a 90 on the paper and second test. Great professor, Only easy if you work for it. 
                
                   I took Morgans Peoples and Cultures class this semester and it rocked. We ate crickets, learned about cool traditions of other cultures, and had lots of fun. He even brought his dog one day! Hes really easily accessible and nice and will definitely help you if you ask for it.
                
                   Overall, Professor Smith is awesome! Super fun and engaging. Very young so he's easy to relate to, and really enthusiastic! Take ANTH 205 from him, if you can!
                
                   She is very helpful and incorporated lots of short movies into her lectures that were relevant to the material. An attendance sheet is passed around during class but attendance is not required-reccommended because of pop quizzes/discussions. All power points are posted before the exam & exams directly match what she covers in class on those slides.
                
                   Professor Tsai is very straight forward. She's not the most exciting person in the world, so lectures can get quite boring, but the exams are identical to lecture slides, which are posted online. As long as you study that and memorize vocabulary words, the class is really easy.
                
                   Go to class mainly for the fact that there are occasional attendance quizzes, though attendance itself is not taken. Lots of helpful videos to watch, lectures aren't grueling. She genuinely cares about the quality of her class & tries to improve it. Gives curves & posts lectures & helpful material online for exams. Great class, pretty to the point.
                
                   I loved this class he made it so enjoyable. It could have easily been really boring but he's really excited about the subject and gives short and sweet lectures and doesn't give any surprises on the exams.
                
                   Really approachable and obviously passionate about his subject. Tries to make the lectures interesting and engaging. If you study you'll get an easy A no problem. 
                
                   His lectures were always super long and boring. His power point slides are available but you have to buy them from Copy Corner I belive. Lastly, his tests and lectures are completly different. Don't take 202 with him unless you have to.
                
                   Just don't take this class unless you really have to. Hard subject to teach, but what he told us to study and what was on the test were completely different and the tests were impossible. Failed me by 1 point. 
                
                   To receive a B in this class all I did was show up to class. I didn't buy the book or the course pack. Simply arrive for class caffeinated and take notes. There is a small amount of extra credit. He doesn't take attendance but highlights what is going to be on the test in class. During his review he points out things  from the notes on the test. 
                
                   Buy a course pack. Everything for ems is on there. He also tells you before exams what is pretty much on the tests since he reviews. you can earn extra credit working in his lab.
                
                   Prof. Waters has to teach Archaeology, which isn't really a subject many students are interested in, but if you semi-pay attention in class, and study a bit for the test, you will be fine. Just know the terms he teaches and you can figure out the questions.
                
                   Very easy class. Prof is extremely nice and tries very hard to make it interesting. You just have to go to class, pay attention and look up words you don't know before the test. His tests are very straight forward and usually just definitions and examples he talks about in class. I would definitely recommend Dr. Waters.
                
                   What he talked about in class did not appear on tests, I think he just made them up from thin air. It was a very boring class.
                
                   this guy is the pickiest test maker ever! I got a C in the class b/c he had such picky picky questions... really interesting material, though
                
                   He's a fine teacher, but his tests cover excrutiating detail.  I wouldn't recommend him.
                
                   she was fairly interesting, but she put a lot of really detailed useless information on the test.
                
                   She loves anthropology and really wants her students to learn.  She's a little difficult to understand sometimes, but her lectures are straight from the PowerPoint slides.  Tests are somewhat tough but not impossible. 
                
                   Dr. Bob is a great teacher teaching a condensed class that covers a lot of material in a short time, so if his Anth 100 course seems confusing, that's why. He very much knows what he's talking about and he'll give you what the course is advertised is to offer, for sure.
                
                   We had 3 different syllabus' the first few weeks of class. Very nice guy, but he can be disorganized and confusing. Not allowed to use notes on test, no study guide. He tests on lectures, assignments, and readings.
                
                   This is for Olympic Collge. He is disorganized and confusing A LOT.  Many students were frustrated. Given 3 different syllabus' first 2 weeks of class. Does not give study guide and you cannot use notes or book on any of his tests. He doesn't really care when you turn things in. He says that attendance is important but mostly does not take it.
                
                   He is possibly one of the nicest people you will ever meet, but his class was difficult because he was very unclear and rushed the course. We didn't start learning the material until the second week of the class, and only had class twice a week so it was hard to catch up. He ended up cramming two units into the last two weeks. It was a frustrating.
                
                   His class was very interesting. I had no clue what the class was about but I am glad I did. I learned alot in the few short weeks. I am looking forward to taking another class from him.
                
                   Professor Mark is one of the most interesting people you will ever meet. His lectures are engaging and clear-- as long as you pay attention and study your readings, you'll be fine on the test. He's been a lot of places and has some amazing stories. My favorite professor yet! I'd love to live a life like he has (as an archaeologist) someday!
                
                   Dr. Mark is a very fair professor. He never throws curve balls on tests (he does ask detailed questions but he gives you all material needed), he is consistent with his lectures, and always prepared for class. The readings he assigns along with taking GOOD lecture notes are absolutely vital for doing well on the tests. Grade based on 4 test.
                
                   He uses powerpoint and his tests are exactly like the power point. The lab is weird and sometimes hard, but pretty interesting. He likes to ask questions that noone could possibly know the answer too because its a beginning class and then make us seem stupid for not knowing. But overall, pretty cool class.
                
                   Great professor, makes you work hard but is constantly keeping your attention with great person experiences. Highly recommended.
                
                   One of the best teacher on campus. He's not afraid to tell it like it is and inadvertently makes classes interesting with funny stories. His experience really adds to all of his classes.
                
                   I love him!!!
                
                   Well he is honestly one of my very favourite professors. Not only are his classes interesting, he is also very easy to listen to. He gives great lectures and his tests are tough but exactly what i expect every time. 90 percent of his test materials come from the lecture so listen up ! Definitely a professor to choose though, definitely ! :)
                
                   his classes were very interesting.  he actually got me interested in the subject.  his personal experiences he brings to the class are great.  the readings are interesting and relevant rather than from a dry text book.  tests are easy if you listen in lecture.
                
                   i graduated in 2002; dr. mark was very helpful outside of class, and the man is brilliant.  also funny.  i could never get into the nautical archaeology thing.  here's a boat.  here's some history on the boat.  here's what we found on the boat.  here's another boat...  i liked him and his class, but it was his first year, and i just wasn't interested in boats.  it wasn't until the end of his 2nd semster when i started liking the subject.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   I LOVE DR. MARK
                
                   He is very interesting and has a lot of experience in nautical arch. Readings were also interesting since he picked them rather than having us buy a book. class is fun and he will let students borrow materials and is willing to help outside class.
                
                   Amazing profesor, she is a bit strange but she makes the class super fun and entertaining. I would take another one of her classes if I had the opportunity.
                
                   Very entertaining class. She is engaging and the tests are extremely easy.
                
                   Never provided opinion on subject matter and never put a grade on any assignment except the final. Could be rude at times especially behind students back.
                
                   Great Prof. Best on campus
                
                   Read the material and go to class
                
                   This guy DEF knows what he is talking about. Overall I enjoyed his class and learned a lot! You will do fine on tests if you buy the online review that he offers, it helped me A LOT! So just read and practice online and youll do great.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Good teacher. Always best to get on his good side. Pay attention and don't be afraid to write more than you have to. Trust me, he likes it.
                
                   Dr. Robbins was the best professor I have ever had. Her lectures were so interesting and I highly recommend for anyone. I put in minimal work and still managed to get a B. Great professor and so passionate.
                
                   such an amazing professor, really funny and passionate about her subject. favorite professor I've ever had.
                
                   THIS PROFESSOR IS JUTS THE NICEST PROFESSOR YOU WILL HAVE IN TAMUK, STRONGLY RECOMMEND HER FOR ALL HER CLASSES VERY DOWN TO EARTH UNDERSTANDABLE
                
                   I would recommend anybody to take this class. You can tell she is really passionate in what she does. Awesome personality which makes the class not boring. She made the subject so interesting. She is a wonderful teacher, she will help you if you need help and wants every one of her student's to get an A. Exams were easy!
                
                   This teacher was amazing! She always kept things interesting in class!!
                
                   Awesome teacher! She makes you want to go to class. Great stories and lectures are extremely interesting. Recommend her 100%!!
                
                   Very easy class! She is very Peppy, which makes the class more interesting.
                
                   She is a very exciting teacher. Always makes class interesting and fun. I would tell anyone to take her classes. Her class quickly became my favorite. If she sees you outside of class she will come up and say hi. She is very friendly.
                
                   She is really good and knows what she is talking about. Her test her reflected on her lectures and the study guide she gives you is pure clarification. Friendly and does everything to succeed your education.
                
                   Really nice and helpfull teacher. Activities were fun and tests were not to bad. I highly recommend her. Overall A in class
                
                   Very nice teacher and very understanding. Activities were fun and tests were not that bad. I highly recommend her. Got an A overall
                
                   Really easy class. Professor is very helpful and understanding. Even though the class is easy you still learn the material because she makes it fun. You can tell she really has a passion about this subject and it resonates throughout her lectures. The only thing that bugged me is she says &quot;right&quot; after every sentence. It's distracting! Overall:A
                
                   Dr. Jones is an amazing professor.  She has realistic expectations and works well with you if you need additional help.  She is always available during her office hours.  She has a great attitude and she makes the material fun to learn!!
                
                   Absolutely the best Professor I've had here at TAMUCT. Gives good feedback when you ask for it, provides thought provoking material, and challenges you with new concepts.
                
                   She is the most helpful and informative online teacher I have ever had, and I have taken over 30 online courses. I learned so much from her class and have decided to take more anthropology classes! I hope to take another course with her soon. 
                
                   Dr. Jones is excellent. She is very clear and helpful as to what she wants from students. I really enjoyed her class.
                
                   Dr Jones gives great feedback, and graded papers and tests promptly. She doesn't expect a lot of verbatim from the book, but cares about if the content was understood. I would highly recommend her course. 
                
                   Dr. Jones is awesome. Because of her I am changing my minor.
                
                   It's only half way through the semester but I've been doing very well. She gives good feedback, participation is a must and get ready to read. There's only three exams, discussions, quizzes and a final paper.
                
                   The class was interesting, Dr. Jones, is an excellent instructor, who appears to care if her students  pass or fail.  She will take the time to answer questions, and her quizzes are from the notes you take in the class.
                
                   I took cultural anthropology. Show up, take notes, & get an A. Not required to attend, but she has a quiz every single day but you can use your notes on the quiz & each quiz is 1 EASY question for 20 points! Also drops your lowest 2 quiz grades. Midterm and final you get a study guide. 3 in class assignments, 1 short project. I loved her! AMAZING!
                
                   This class is awesome, if you really enjoy learning about Mr. O's bread and butter. This is the type of class that you get to learn the stories of the shipwrecks. Don't try for just remembering the pieces, know the whole picture and the details are there. 
                
                   Great course!  The box is hard but Mr. O grades fairly and if you try that's what matters most. 
                
                   Dr. Oertling is passionate about what he teaches and that passion is contagious! He is the sort of teacher that will not fail you so long as you put in the effort to learn. His lectures can get off topic but he has incredible insight into the field. Bring your book and a notepad to class and you'll be good!
                
                   Great professor and he really knows what he's doing. His test are pretty difficult but not if you read the material prior to class. He's interesting to talk to and tries to make it fun. He curves all of his tests too depending on the class avergage
                
                   Mr. O is a professor with high credibility in his field. He has worked on ship wrecks you read about in the text books! His tests are extremely difficult because he expects you to know your information. GO TO CLASS. I suggest bringing a laptop to class and copying every word of his lecture and reviewing it after class is over. Good luck!
                
                   All over the place & awful teacher!
                
                   all over the place
                
                   He was an AMAZING teacher. You could tell how passionate he was each lecture. He never went over his lecture time but he didn't wast any of it either. For tests you need to go to class and keep up the reading and you will make an A on the exam no doubt. Homework assignments were easy and fun, not a harsh grader. TAKE THIS CLASS
                
                   Dr. Winking's class was definitely not "easy." His test reviews don't match the exams, so if you think just memorizing the review will give you an A, you're wrong. Learn the review, but be able to explain with great detail what's on it! While Dr. Winking's lectures tend to feel long, you can tell he's very passionate about what he's teaching.
                
                   All lecture. Take detailed notes and pay attention during lecture: you'll get a high A on the test. Goes over test topics before each exam. Exams aren't cumulative. Book is essential for in class quizzes, but notes are important for the test. No homework. Watch a few movies. Very helpful during office hours.
                
                   TAKE THIS CLASS! The lectures are clear. If you pay attention in class and take notes,  you will ace the tests and the final. The final isn't cumulative. Textbook used for the reading quizzes, but the lecture notes are what will be important on the test. She gives an extra credit opportunity at the end of the semester. 
                
                   GREAT PROF
                
                   Very good teacher. Class is pretty easy, the tests are straight from lecture notes. You watch several interesting films and their are weekly book quizes but they are not difficult. This class probably recquires 2 hours of your time per week MAX.
                
                   Professor White is a great teacher. She is very understanding and her test are very reasonable. She hs online quizzes that are not hard at all, and journals which dont take much time. Its an easy A class, you just have to give it a small amou of time. Its very interesting too. I put a little of time into it and got an A. Great professor to take.
                
                   Far too much reading for this course. Daily reading quizzes are a grade killer. Have to write a 5 page paper on ANOTHER book assigned to you. Would not recommend. Not the worst prof, but others are easier.
                
                   He's a good professor who's passionate about what he does. His tests are not very difficult but his daily quizzes are impossible. I had an A test average but a D quiz average, so make sure you actually read. Also use the online course mate he makes you buy to study for the tests and you should be fine. His lectures are long but make sure to listen.
                
                   You have to read multiple long passages before each class, and are expected to retain the important information from each one to be quizzed on. The lectures are long and often do not have much of a point. If you question him on something, he will never give in to the others opinion. He changes up the test style on you making it hard to study for it
                
                   The material itself is not hard. The problem is the reading quizzes. He assigns a lot of reading and you have to remember even the tinyest details in order to get even one of the three questions right. Also the lecture quizzes are the same. He speeds through the material and expects you to memorize it by the end of the class. I would not recommend
                
                   Be prepared to read, and REMEMBER everything from it. Reading quiz at the beginning of every class and a lecture quiz at the end. Each quiz has usually 2 questions. 3 tests and a cumulative final with no extra credit. Usually an A student with honors and barely passed. Reading includes entirety of the textbook plus additional readings.
                
                   He is an ok proff. There is an INSANE amount of reading! and if you dont read it, you will fail the daily quizes. The study guides are important for the tests and you MUST READ. You also write 4 essays. It can be boring but can be at times interesting. Student qustions are appreaciated.
                
                   Great prof, very knowledgeable. Makes class interesting with his anecdotes about various archaeological digs he's been on. As long as you take notes, complete/study the review and read the assigned reading before class (he has daily extra credit quizzes over reading), you can make an A. The final is optional if you are making an A or B.
                
                   Nice guy but goes really fast and you cant learn all the info in the short amount of time.I would not take this class again
                
                   Prof has absolutly no idea how much work is appropriate for the course. Unless you are gifted and/or really need the course, I'd suggest to stay away.
                
                   Okay, so I took this class and I have to say it was really really difficult. Random pop quizzes, who are hard to answer even if you read the text. Enormous amount of reading. MC Tests, but very difficult, average usually low C/D. He is REALLY into this stuff. Very detailed. NOT recommended uless you are really into that stuff yourself.
                
                   I don't know what I was expecting, but this class was quite a bit more difficult than I had expected.  Made a B when I expected an A.  Wouldn't recommend this class if you're looking for an easy International credit alternative.
                
                   class was interesting.  go to class everyday if you want the attendance points (and you will) for extra credit on tests.  read the bold print in the book while skimming, and read the sections about important people, and you'll do fine on the quizzes and tests.  also, the review sessions help A LOT!!!
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Dr. Smith is easily one of the mot caring and most interesting professors at Texas A&M. His classes are interesting and he believes in teaching outside of the box! If you ever get the opportunity to take one of classes, do so!
                
                   Dr. Smith is probably one of the best professors I have ever had. He is extremely knowledgeable and he really makes sure you understand the material. He is also extremely fun to listen to and gives really good life advice too. The tests are pretty easy as well. If I had the time, I would definitely take another class of his.
                
                   There are only 3 tests, one is the final and it is not cumulative. He gives question sets before each exam to study and all of the questions are from those sets. There are some reading quizzes, but they are really easy and he drops the lowest grade. He makes the class interesting and fun to pay attention to.
                
                   Easy A! Class grades consisted of (3) 100 question multiple choice tests and (4) reading quizzes (lowest grade gets dropped). All of the test questions were posted on eCampus along with the answer choices. He would also give you the answers to any of the test questions and give a thorough explanation behind the answer. 
                
                   Dr. Littlefield is a great professor. He loves his profession and tells a lot about his experiences, which can get the lecture off track, but it's not too bad. He doesn't take attendance and his tests are mostly book based, but he does throw in a few questions from lecture. This class isn't a total blowoff, but read and you'll get an A for sure!
                
                   I took this class the first semester of my freshman year and I loved it! If you need to fulfill a credit TAKE THIS CLASS! His lectures are so interesting it makes learning in class so easy! His tests are not hard as long as you go to class and review the slides. He is very funny and gives great examples that helps you relate to the material.
                
                   Nice prof., kinda funny. Exams have lots of lecture material on them. Couple of assignments due but they're not difficult.
                
                   Loved him. So funny and made the subject interesting. Not too hard either as long as you go to class. 
                
                   TAKE THIS PROFESSOR! I took him my freshman year and loved him so much that I took both of the classes he taught at Blinn as well. He is very clear about what is on the tests and his grading criteria for essays is very lenient. He cares about his students and is hilarious! As long as you study the power points it's an easy A. Offers easy extra cred
                
                   BEST TEACHER OF MY FIRST SEMESTER! He is awesome and he genuinely cares about his students and makes sure that everyone knows what he is talking about. The class is very easy and I barely opened my textbook. I never left his class without laughing! He is just awesome.
                
                   Mr. Laughlin does a good job of making the class interesting. I would not buy the book. Just go to class and take notes from the lectures. He tests are very fair. He only grades a certain number of the responses due each week and the rest go to extra credit. This class should be fairly easy to make and A in.
                
                   This class was amazing with Mr. Laughlin. He was extremely interesting and kept my attention. Make sure to sit close to the front because he will interact with you more. He offends a lot of people, but he will end up offending everyone by the end of the class. He i fair and gives lots of extra credit!
                
                   He class is kind of boring but it is pretty easy to do well in the class. He only has 3 tests so there was a lot of material on them but he gives an option for 5% bonus to your grade. He put the power points online but he gave a 20 point extra credit quiz in class so I would just go. Text book is not needed.
                
                   Not the hardest class I have taken, but it's up there.  I took the online class which was pretty hectic.  A ton of power points combined with lectures, but again it was an online class.   You can make a higher grade than I did, but be sure if you take the online class do not take another class at the same time as I did.  Good Luck!
                
                   I'm very interested in anthro since I had already taken a anth class so I took this and my goodness, it was very hard for me. Tests covered so much little details, not possible to study enough. You do have extra credit opportunity (5 pts. Per test) and she did curve. Not sure about final though since I'm waiting for that grade still. 
                
                   Dr. Gursky is not helpful at all. Her tests are hard and there is questions on the test that we had learned NOTHING about. She does ask questions about the "appreciating anthropology" sections in the book, so read those. Overall TERRIBLE!
                
                   She reads directly off the power point,yet still requires you to go to class. And when you are not experiencing story time, you are forced to watch movies that are 15-20 years old. The exams aren't to bad and it isn't hard to get an A,especially if you do the extra credit, but the class is extremely boring and not engaging at all.
                
                   Awesome lecturer, great experience and background. I loved her class!
                
                   He doesn't use slides in lectures. Reads from a script. Good luck trying to take notes unless you are  prepared to bring a tape recorder.
                
                   She's very nice and her slideshow's are helpful. She also posts notes online prior to lectures, so if you have those and add on during lecture, you'll be good. Also, you HAVE to know stuff about the listenings. Best way: go to class (unfortunately). But, she uploads all the music online so you don't have to spend $60! Easy A if you study!
                
                   Ms. Fields is a great professor ! I had her for ANTH 205 and she gave  extra credit opportunities worth 10 points ! Her tests are pretty easy and she is such a nice person, very friendly and passionate about what she does.
                
                   She is a really interesting teacher and I enjoyed her class. She shows a decent amount of movies which were always interesting. The class might be called "Peoples and Cultures of the World" but she mainly focuses on Native Americans and Philippines. Her tests are too difficult and the in class work is easy as long as you are there.
                
                   Very enjoyable and easy lectures. I wasn't expecting much from the class and I ended up really enjoying it. It's very easy to get an A if you pay attention in class, her lecture powerpoints are always online but there's usually additional info not there. A big part of the grade is the end of semester project, be ready to work for that!
                
                   Great professor. Makes the class extremely interesting. Not hard coursework, just a lot of content involved. Gives extra credit, which is nice. Always answers questions and emails back quick. 
                
                   She is great! She makes this subject fun and interesting. There is a lot of reading and you will not pass the tests if you do not study. GO TO CLASS! She gives extra credit when there are many missing.
                
                   She's such an amazing and fun teacher! I would definitely take her class again. You need the textbook but not much because her tests are based on her powerpoints.
                
                   She can be a bit scatter-brained, but she's enthusiastic about what she teaches and really loves it, which made it much easier to go to class every day. She pushes you to do your best without her help, but is there if you really need it. There is a lot of reading and a fair amount of writing, but if you're interested in it it isn't too bad. 
                
                   She can be very scattered brain, takes days to respond to emails if she even does, makes frequent changes to the syllabus, and takes weeks to post grades or return assignments.
                
                   -Normal expectations for a class, but she is not engaging. I found it hard to get interested in the material compared to the ANTH205 class with Lynch.  -Expect to type notes frantically because lecture is only review.
                
                   Reading the text book is a necessity.  There are pop quizzes over the chapters andor articles that are assigned; they're only 5 questions each. Exams are multiple choice but are really wordy and can be a bit complicated. Lectures, exams, and quizzes are straight from the textbook.
                