
                   A good communicator in regards to put together your Vita. Although for non-graphic designers, he places too much emphasis on design subtleties.
                
                   Not very easy. Unsympathetic and course was difficult.
                
                   Brings a wealth of experience to the practice of design and enthusiasm to the teaching of pedagogy.
                
                   He definately has his favorites, in his drawing class, I was not a favorite because I am not very interested in it, but is very nice and tries to help you out..even if there's no hope.  However, I was really interested in his 2D class, it was a lot of fun and he put aside that I couldnt draw and realized that I was talented in a different area.
                
                   I found Dr. Millers class helped me grow into a better artist. I now draw what I see, not what I think I see. He was very helpful (if students were polite and could get over his saucy humor). That same saucy humor made him more personable in my mind. He will be blunt with you, and he will not baby you. But this is college learn to be responsible.
                
                   He is the worst art professor I have ever had.  His instructions are poor, he insults students, and he is the laziest instructor ever.  He changes the criteria for assignments in the middle of the project.  He never gives the due date.  Nor, does he give any kind of course syllabus.
                
                   Awesome teacher. She expects you to work hard and meet deadlines for projects. If you can use your brain and not wait until the last minute to work on something, this class will be super fun. Especially the fashion show contest where you sculpt clothing out of paper or found objects. She is very friendly and approachable.
                
                   Josie Durkin is a great teacher and a brilliant artist. I totally enjoyed her class and learned a lot.
                
                   Josie's class is fun. She has high expectations but nothing harder than what you would find in the work world. Good class.
                
                   No Comments
                