
                   This year I took GEOS210 and they split the professors so half of the class I had North. I was doing just fine until his tests, he is confusing and speaks SO softly you can hardly hear. He likes to confuse you on tests sometimes on purpose and put material we hadn't learned yet. Nice man, but very confusing professor.
                
                   I took AP environmental science in high school, so I thought I'd have some background knowledge on climate change. Professor North is very nice, but his lectures are very confusing and have little to do with the book. He is also old and talks really softly and puts you to sleep. Sometimes I'm honestly not sure where he pulls the test questions from
                
                   Brilliant!
                
                   Get in a study group.  You will do fine.  Otherwise, good luck!
                
                   Really enjoyed ATMO 201 class. Dr Schumacher was definitely into the lectures, and cared about students. Held review sessions before the test, and gave study guides that followed the test closely. Made jokes throughout the class and kept things entertaining. Textbook is optional because she covers everything in class, but recommended.
                
                   Schumacher is a great professor. She really gets you interested in the course.
                
                   He is a good professor but very dull. On the syllabus it says that the grading system is based out of 400 points (100 points per exam) and 20 extra points for attendance. Even if it says you have a particular score, he will give you a grade he thinks you  deserve, so don't read too much into the amount of points you have.
                
                   He's a great professor that really cares about you as a student. He loves oceanography and it really shows in his lectures. Often plays songs at the beginning of lectures that relate to the lessons. There is some discussion in the class, since it is such a small honors class. Your grade consists of four tests (no final) and a research project.
                
                   Dr. Brooks is a very nice man, however his lectures are relatively dull and if you are simply looking for a science to fill your degree plan do not take oceanography with him. If you are looking for an A don't bank on this class. Even if you work you will likely get a B. 
                
                   Dr. Brooks was an amazing teacher. I loved taking this course by him. Most of the comments are pretty accurate. He gives 4 test and always gives a review session and worksheets. I highly recommend taking him!
                
                   Dr. Brooks is a super nice guy and a great prof.  I learned a lot in his class and he is very helpful.  Read the book, study the notes, listen in class, you'll do fine.
                
                   He is very clear on 80% of the information will be on the test. The other 20% of the test comes straight out of the book. Going to class is important and he lectures with such energy.
                
                   Great professor. His lectures are pretty boring, but he is very passionate about his subject and tries his best to make the class interesting. You have 4 exams which are fairly straightforward as long as you pay attention in class, read the slides, and read the news stories he e-mails you. He takes attendance so don't miss class.
                
                   Do NOT take this professor! This is supposed to be an easier science to take at A&M and he's completely ruined that. He tries to trick you on exams and has graded 2 of our exams incorrectly and had to go back and correct our grades. Doesn't make me feel too good about whether or not my grade is accurate. Seriously, don't take this professor.
                
                   Tough course (getting renumbered) Course was on Computer Applications in ATMO.  A lot of work, but the Prof is good and personable.  No accent.
                