
                   Darrell Bledsoe is an American Treasure. He should teach every single music class in the world. He is the single most fascinating and enigmatic professor I've ever has. His jokes are of the highest caliber and his knowledge of music even greater. My only complaint is my self esteem went down because I knew I'd never be as successful as Bledsoe. 
                
                   She wants you to pass. You just have to put forth some effort.
                
                   Her online class was enjoyable. You need to read the chapters and you need to listen to the online songs, because they WILL be on the test. Tests are not too bad, and you can receive extra credit. She tries to help you, giving you hints and such. 
                
                   Very helpful, funny, and always nice
                
                   Great teacher. She is quick in answering questions and clarifying assignments. Easy class and fun. Easy A.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Best and most helpful professor I've ever had. Genuinely interested in you succeeding inside and outside of the classroom. A teacher that every teacher should aim to be.
                
                   Dr. Kuhnert is a great teacher, very helpful, knowledgeable and she's pretty funny. It's a quick five weeks so be in class, do the homework, and you'll do fine.
                
                   Dr. Kuhnert was a and continues to be a great mentor for me and my singing career.  She was a very dedicated professor.  Dr. Kuhnert worked very hard to make sure that I was getting what I needed to get to my full potential!
                
                   She's an amazing teacher, I miss her
                
                   Unprofessional
                
                   A life changing influence.  If not for the expertise and guidance of this incredible instructor, I would not have stayed (and graduated) as a music major.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Dr. Krause's methods may be interesting, but it is very effective. He was one of the best professors i've had to this date.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Dr. Krause is a great teacher and really seems to care about how his students do in his class.  He gives everyone a fair chance at his tests and really knows the material.  His standpoint is that students should do their homework and come to class, thus making his class focus as closely weighted on homework grades as tests.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   I've only had him as a band director for the 3rd band, but he's really nice and teaches well. Good director and gets things done.
                
                   Sometimes his class only confuses me more. I have to learn the material from the book because he doesn't know how to explain.
                
                   Good class overall, very enjoyable. Could sometimes get boring, but I enjoyed the subject matter and you could tell he really liked what he was talking about.
                
                   I enjoyed his class. Just listen carefully and take notes.
                
                   Hated him. His lectures were extremely boring and unless you are interested in music corresponding with instruments you do need to take time studying. Exams can be a bit difficult.
                
                   In order to pass this class you definitely have to go to class. He makes his lectures interesting, which helps, but his exams are so detailed you have to remember everything from the lecture for the test. The grade is composed of 3 exams so there isn't a chance to really improve, either. I would take the class again, but from a different professor.
                
                   Epitome of a professor who knows his class is a blow off class, yet does everything in his power to make it as difficult as he can.
                
                   This class you learn about the history of music in America. Contrary to the name of the class the furthest you get in history is the Beatles, you listen to 3 of their songs total when studying for the final. The class has 3 exams and that is it. He is not willing to help at all, he gives no extra credit and no homework. One bad exam and you're done
                
                   This was the most boring class I have ever taken. I thought history of rock sounded fun, but not with him teaching it. Haven't read the book and made As on the tests. You have to really pay attention in class. Do not take this class for an easy A. 
                
                   I have always been passionate about music but  honestly I did not enjoy his class. Don't get me wrong, he is ridiculously passionate about the subject he teaches, he just rambles and can get very confusing.  If your looking for a class that studies music from the 50s on this isn't for you. We barely made it to Rolling stones. 
                
                   I don't know what kind of people are giving bad reviews but I for one really enjoyed his class. Berger is a great professor and VERY passionate about his field. Class covers mid-1910s to 1970 If you have ever wanted to learn more about the origins of rock, take his class. You need the book which accounts for 2/3 of his exams. Not hard at all.
                
                   He's very passionate! He talked pretty fast in lecture but they were interesting!I'd recommend typingaudio taping it! This course is difficult! Not an easy A!!! There was a girl who posted all notes online but try not to skip class, you need as much info as possible
                
                   Pay attention in lecture, you won't have a problem. I had literally no previous music or music history background but it is a very easy class to understand and to take. Would highly recommend the class to anyone looking for a ICD.
                
                   He is extremely passionate about music. It's more of a history course in that he gives a very detailed background for each point he teaches, however he is an ethnomusicologist so I guess it makes sense. Tough tests, and long lectures but they are very interesting and you can tell he cares. Not an easy A at all though :(
                
                   This class wasn't supposed to be difficult like he made it. I had friends who took the same class but different professor, but instead thought it was so easy. Also, his third exam is very tricky. 
                
                   Class is a lot harder than people make it seem. He's actually fairly clear, but if you space out or don't listen to the music you are screwed
                
                   Lectures are very confusing. He jumps from one section to another and nothing seems to really fit in. Tests are confusing and tricky. 
                
                   take this class if you want to play with fire and your GPA.  You don't even get up to the rolling stones.  More like the history of American society.   
                
                   great passionate professor. really got me interested in music. he's really knowledgeable. as long as you pay attention in class you will do fine.
                
                   I never read the book once. Just take good notes in class and study them before the test. Made A's on all the tests. He is a quirky guy but keeps it interesting. Just go to class, take notes, and you'll do fine.
                
                   History of Rock & Roll sounded AWESOME, so i took it.  But the Hamberger teaches, totally ruins rock and roll.  I wouldn't recommend him honestly.
                
                   Told me my paper completely missed the point of the assignment.  Then told me it was so poignant and well-written it deserved an &quot;A&quot; anyway.  Bad . . .ass.  how could you ask for more&#63;  Not to mention he plays a mean blues guitar.
                
                   This class is easy if you do the work but he is not willing to help you if you have any problems. He also never clarifies on his syllabus what his grading policy is and is always changes what he expects from students. I got an 89.8 and he was unwilling for me to do anything to bump it up to a 90. He was very rude about the whole situation as well!
                
                   He's a funny guy. However, it's sometimes hard to really pay attention during lecture. Reading the book is a must. If he didn't have an attendance policy, you could pass the class without going to his lectures because all test questions can be answered from the book. This isn't a blow off class, but a little work makes getting an A really easy
                
                   I took Breckenridge for history of rock and roll. Class is very easy, you copy notes off of a powerpoint. He has discussion posts/blogs that you have to write online about once every two weeks. He assigns two essays that are over simple topics. His tests are fairly easy. Overall, he is a great professor and has a fun class.
                
                   Really easy class.  He gives you his notes, and they are pretty much word for word on the test. don't need to go to class. just study the notes. it's a really easy class and he's fun to listen to. i definitely recommend him
                
                   Kattari is one of the coolest profs I've ever had. She makes her lectures interesting. Clicker questions are how she takes attendance. There were numerous opportunities for extra credit throughout the semester. There are 2 writing assignments, but they are super easy. Music experience is not required to be successful (but it does help)!
                
                   Never really liked music before this class, and she made me love it. Amazing teacher whose really into her work and easily gets others to enjoy it just as much as she does. Fun lectures that are super interesting and keep you entertained. Easy A's on test if you study what she tells you to. Two papers, but graded pretty easily.
                
                   This is a really interesting class. Getting an A is possible with a little work. Clicker questions every day, but if you read it's not an issue. Tests are pretty straightforward, she gives a review, do it and know the material. Two papers about musical analysis. I personally do not have a music background and it wasn't an issue.
                
                   Thought this would be an easy A but I'm struggling to make a B.  Had a friend take the other prof that teaches this course and it was an easy A for him. Avoid her at all costs. 2 confusing papers assigned, tests are 75 questions, doesn't round an 89.99 up to an A, overall I did not enjoy this class and will never take her again.
                
                   I took Kattari for Hist. of Rock and Music & the Human Exp. and loved both of them. She is just a fun person to be around and is so passionate about what she does. Everything in this class is very straightforward. Just go to class and basically write down everything on the powerpoints and you will get an A without a doubt.
                
                   Lectures are slide-based and interesting. There is a lot of work for this class like weekly quizzes, papers, and projects, but she grades fairly easy. There are 3 tests in total that are based on  lectures and the reading that were easy. You also are required to attend a music event. It's an easy class, it's just a lot of work and reading.
                
                   Weekly quizzes with at least 5 chapters having to be read a week; quizzes were very nit-picky. 4 exams and a final, all were decent in difficulty, but took a lot of studying. 2 papers and a project, but she gave perfect scores for everything (didn't grade harshly). a few extra credit options. Just a LOT of reading, not the easiest A I expected.
                
                   Dr. Kattari was an awesome professor, and made class so much fun. In class you get to listen to many songs as you discuss the different genres through history. Also, the tests are really easy and she holds many review sessions beforehand. There is plenty of extra credit and assignments and quizzes are easy, and not much outside work is required
                
                   She is not clear about what specifically will be on the tests. Quizzes were kind of hard, asking extremely nit-picky questions over minor details in the textbook. In addition, you had to write a paper and do a project. Songs on exams did not reflect the examples in the text at all. I had no idea how to study for this class. Do not recommend.
                
                   easy class. plus she's smokin hot
                
                   Great professor, tries to make class as interesting as possible. She gives extra points. There were two partial exams and a final which were easy; it also requires a two page essay which she didn't revised it that harsh. Weekly quizzes are easy, everything can be found on the lectures and articles she gives. Gives the class her emphasis about rock.
                
                   Dr. K was awesome. SO much extra credit  that it's almost impossible to make less than an A. Tests aren't that hard and she makes the class a lot of fun and interesting, and I knew nothing about music before taking it. I also went into office hours and she edited one of the paper assignments for me and was very helpful (I made a 100 on it).
                
                   Easy class and Professor Kattari is always willing to help out. Doesnt post notes online but she makes class pretty entertaining
                
                   Great professor, interesting class and an awesome GPR booster.
                
                   I took History of Rock with her and it was by far the most entertaining class I've ever taken. I rarely studied for the tests and made A's on all of them. Most tests had bonus points which made it possible to get over a 100 on them. There was a cumulative final, but I made a 108 without even studying. TAKE THIS CLASS!
                
                   Great class! Kattari makes class very interesting and fun to attend. Definitely can be a GPA booster if needed
                
                   I didn't even go to class half of the time and even though there were iclicker points I still received an A.  I also hardly ever studied. SUPER easy.
                
                   Professor Kattari's class is actually very easy as long as you show up for review days. While it is a good idea to show up every day because there is daily points that you receive by answering iClicker questions. She's also very entertaining and teaches very clearly. I highly recommend this class even if you aren't interested in music.
                
                   Dr. Kattari was awesome. I took her class on recommendation from another friend who loved it. She is interesting and engaging, and she wants the class to have fun and learn. Tests are super easy as long as you go to class and take decent notes because she goes over everything before the test.
                
                   She is absolutely wonderful! She is an amazing professor and an amazing person! Definitely recommend her for MUSC 201! She teaches very clear and is super nice! I enjoyed going to her class! I love love LOVE her! Best class/professor so far!
                
                   Prof Marlow is VERY strict about attendance and your grade will suffer if you skip. However, if you take good notes and read over the chapters for the tests, you can potentially score over 100 because you can earn 10 extra credit points on each test. If you go to class, it's an easy A but if you skip often, you'll probably fail
                
                   Professor Marlow is fantastic! She is extremely knowledgeable about the information she teaches and offers interesting random facts about music. The class is easy and if you pay attention you will learn some cool stuff. She takes attendance regularly, so show up to class. All in all, her class is enjoyable and functions as a great GPA boost
                
                   Dr. Marlow does a great job of explaining grading criteria at beginning of semester. The first test is by far the hardest so don't be discouraged. Extra credit is a great way to seal in the A. For the concert reports, staple your ticket or program to the back. Make sure to sign in and gather her handouts or you will have issues.
                
                   This class is an Easy A. I didn't pay attention in class and studied the night before and got ABs. There are two required concert reports, 1 online project, and 1 group project. There are many opportunities for extra credit. Attendance is taken very day. Went to office hrs once and she was very unhelpful. However I'd take this class again.
                
                   Takes attendance for every class but I haven't been going and she hasn't said anything to me. There are tests, 2 concerts you have to write a report on, and 1 group project. The last page of every test is an area for you to write everything you know and she gives you extra credit for that. Tests are hard (even with years of choir and piano).
                
                   Made a 100. Attendance is unfortunately for part of your grade, but your grade will be so high it won't matter. Study for the tests some and you will get an A. Verrrrrrry long lectures and boring especially if you have no prior knowledge of music (like me), but easy A for sure. 
                
                   Very easy! Tests have a bunch of questions but are fairly easy. She gives Review sheets for every test!
                
                   Really nice, gives a tremendous amount of extra credit opportunities.  Her exams are from 100-150 questions, but she usually drops about 10-20 of them.  The exams are actually difficult if you don't know anything about music, but she leaves the last page for you to write any info you know & you get 1 point for each fact written.
                
                   This class is extremely easy if you have any background in music whatsoever. I was in choir in middle school and found this class to be super easy. She offers extra credit on tests where you just write down anything else you studied that did not appear on the exam. Made over 100 on all 3 exams. No final. 2 concert reports. 1 easy group project.
                
                   Dr. Marlow LOVES HER JOB. I am an engineering major who came into the class with little background knowledge/interest with the evolution of music types. After attending her lectures, and learning from her I developed a strong appreciation for all types of music.If you go to class, Study her review sheet, attend mandatory concerts, you will get an A
                
                   Dr. Marlow is a great prof! She's very nice and understanding should you have any problems. The class is super easy. But, also super boring. Marlow gives you the reviews before hand and they're exactly like the test. All you have to do is study. It's definitely an easy A class. The project at the end of the year is super easy as well as the final.
                
                   If you don't have an interest in world music or music in general, as in you don't play an instrument or sing, I wouldn't recommend this class. Her teaching style is all lecture, and gives a review verbatim of what will be on the test. She gives lots of opportunities for extra credit. Overall, easy class, just a lot of studying
                
                   awesome course. took in the summer... not so sure if the course number was 315... but SOUNDS LIKE IT. all in all, study and you will make an A. she is an adorable prof :)
                
                   No Comments
                
                   An easy class with a cool, laid back professor. There is an article to read before every lecture and a discussion with your group at the beginning of class. Every lecture was spend talking about the article and usually getting off topic. 3 random pop quizzes and 2 group projects, which were creating music playlists. Would definitely take again.
                
                   He's very unhelpful. If you ever ask for more clarity on something he spends more time referencing where to find it in the book than taking a moment to explain it. He also does not understand some students can't afford to get ALL of the books for the course & has a hissy-fit then we still only opened the music for analysis maybe 3 times. 
                
                   Wouldn't recommend taking him at all.
                
                   Rollins made the class very interesting for a core curriculum course! I am a music major so I already enjoy the subject, but Rollins got a lot of people excited about the material. Weekly quizzes with a midterm and final. There's a few small projects, but it's not difficult to do. Great prof who is passionate about his subject!
                
                   DO NOT GET HIM. i took this class thinking it would be easy, but because of rollins it was one of my hardest classes. He is so rude and does not care about his students at all. online quizzes every week that even google can't help you with. he looks for reasons to yell at us and does not help at all if you ask him a question.
                
                   He is great! You must go to class because attendance is apart of your grade. I you truly enjoy music then getting an A in the class will be a piece of cake. You do have quizzes but, they are really easy and most of the time you can find them on quizlet. 
                
                   Started out as a great teacher in the beginning. However, over the course of the year became very irritated with simple things the class did. Kicks you out of class for phones. The Final was 100% harder than the midterm with no prior warning. Careful not to make him mad because it is extremely easy. Threatened to report someone for sharing notes.
                
                   He is an alright professor, not good not bad. His classes are not mandatory, but if not enough people show up on a weekly basis then he will refuse to put the powerpoint slides online before the exams. Go to every class and take notes. Use shazam app for listening quizzes.
                
                   I enjoyed this class! If you pay attention and go to class. You will do great! I missed a few classes and still did well. He is nice, however; easily irritated. He made the whole class retake the midterm for the mistake of a few. Do well on your music quizzes as these affect your grade a ton.
                
                   Professor Rollins was helpful in the beginning, when he gave us a review for the midterm. However he gave a useless review for the final, because of something another class did that upset him. Also, his quizzes were online, but were full of trick questions and thus were harder than a music quiz should ever be.
                
                   Have to go to class because he will put things that he says on the tests. He teaches from a powerpoint, but does not give out the powerpoint. Theres lots of quizzes, which are online. They were somewhat difficult, especially the listening quizzes.
                
                   There ARE outside rehearsals for full orchestra performance. If you love music, audition for tamu orchestra :) (Field trips are the bests)
                
                   There are no rehearsals outside of class and you only need to audition one time (you have to audition each semester in the Symphonic Winds and the Wind Symphony). There are two concerts each semester. Also, Dr. Sikes is the best. He's the best band director I've ever had!
                
                   Not only is Mr. Bryant a good voice teacher, but he is an inspiration and encouragement.  He has the TRUE heart of a teacher and gives this profession a good name.  Thank GOD for men like him!
                
                   Mr. Bryant is AWESOME!  He is funny and after just having him as my voice teacher for two semesters my voice has already greately improved.
                
                   Mr. Bryant is a very sweet man.  I've been taking voice with him for 2 years.  He's taught me a lot.
                
                   Clark is an amazing mentor. He is very invested in each one of his students and pushes them to become better people and players.
                
                   Jimmy is a great, rare teacher in the MB. He helps you in lessons and in life..great man
                
                   Jimmy Clark is a gem in the music department on this campus.  Great teacher, consummate performer.  Plain and simply, a great teacher and a great man.
                
                   Dr. Davies makes lectures fun. He jokes around but knows when to get serious and his teaching style is clear-cut. I enjoyed his class very much!
                
                   Dr. Davies demands a lot out of his students, but his class is not hard at all.  If you respect him and pay attention in his class, he'll respect you and you'll do just fine.  If you struggle with the course material his door is always open. 
                
                   He expects you to know your Theory, as this is a lab class for Theory I.  Don't call him TJ.
                
                   Though Dr. Gershman is leaving, the students about to have him at IU are incredibly lucky.  He's a phenomenal and inspirational teacher and conductor.  Though his standards are high his instructions and notes are crystal clear.  There is zero ambiguity about what is expected.  He's very approachable and cares personally about his students.
                
                   Dr. Gershman is really really cool.  He is a really great teacher.  If you ever have a problem, just ask and he is always more than happy to help.
                
                   He is really nice and really funny. He is one of those professors you go to without hesitation if you have a problem.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Best Conductor I have ever had.
                
                   he was the best professor i ever had.  He was very helpful and made his class very fun.  Everyone in there wanted to learn.  One of my favorite teachers
                
                   Dr. Gershman is AWESOME.  His lectures keep you interested and you leave his class learning a lot.  You have to study a lot, but he presents the information in a way that is easy to remember.  He is also a talented conductor.
                
                   Way too much fun in his class to be school!  Funny, quick witted, cute as a bug!  Makes learning music non-threatening and fun. We hated to leave at the end of the class.
                
                   I loved his class.  Really fun and he is real with his students.  He is awesome.
                
                   Awesome guy!!!
                
                   very easy, no reason to take notes.  He gives great review sheets.  Just make sure you show up to class, he does have an attendance policy.
                
                   he's a wonderful teacher.  Watch out for the attendance policy. He's a stickler to the rules
                
                   Dr. Gershman is the most helpful professor I've had.  He cares so much about his students, he'll spend an hour or more one-on-one just to help you out.  He's very organized and good at conveying the information in a clear manner.
                
                   great teacher...take his jazz class at any cost
                
                   Need a fine art course to go towards your degree plan, but you don't want it to hurt your overall GPA&#63; Look up Jeff.He types up all the notes, bases all the quizzes on the notes, then bases all the tests on the quizzes. You wouldn't find an easier guy
                
                   Dr. Gershman is the best teacher I've ever had!  He cares for his students as individuals and his knowledge is incredible.  Definitely take his classes if you can get in!
                
                   Great teacher, really cute, He has lots of great teaching ideas.
                
                   First of all his name is Gershman not Gershwin.  This is the best teacher you will ever have if you are lucky enough to be a student of his.  He is upbeat and makes the class fun.  He has a great personality and is really helpful and approachable.
                
                   great review sheets...no note taking required
                
                   really great teacher. makes the class fun and keeps it interesting.
                
                   Dr. Hansen's classes are really tough.  But they are never boring or unfun (is that a word&#63;).  He is a brilliant man!
                
                   Dr. Hansen's musicianship is unsurpassed by any but a very select few in this world. He loves his art, and loves to teach. He has made education his life, and serves it well. He is a credit to his profession, and it is nothing less than my life's honor to be able to say that I have studied with this man.
                
                   His classes are very hard!  But if you get a &quot;C&quot; in his class you get an &quot;A&quot; in my opinion.  You come out with so much knowledge.  He will think you care just by laughing at his jokes.
                
                   Hated having lessons with her.  If you a person who needs positive reinforcement and negative reinforcement makes you shut down, look for anothe professor to take from.
                
                   Ms. Gorham has a knack for just knowing what is your &quot;fach&quot; she is a great teacher and I have learned alot from her.  I can't wait to take my upper division voice with her.
                
                   I adore Ms. Gorham.  She kinda has a rep for being difficult, but she works wonders on the voice.  Take her!!  She's great and very knowledgeable,
                
                   wonderful professor who is knowledgable way beyond anyone in our time of vocal literature.
                
                   I thought teachers were supposed to be into teaching for the good of the students. I guess not.  Lamar can have him.
                
                   If you want a professor that's only in it for himself...this is the guy!
                
                   he said he enjoys us and now he's bolted...to LAMAR U&#63; Go figure
                
                   This guy is very intense.  In fact, he's somewhat of a loose cannon--folks are never sure when he is going to lose his cool (which occurs every couple of weeks).  It really sucks when you have to behave around him as if you were walking on egg shells.  Sorry.
                
                   Dr. Kent is such an awesome teacher. He expects people to put forth just as much effort in learning as he does teaching.
                
                   Mr. Kent has more passion about what he teaches/does than anyone else you will come across.  He does an excellent job of conveying this to the students and cares not about the grades but about whether his students are learning or not.
                
                   My first semester with Dr. Kelly has taught me so much!  Trumpet players, you will learn so much from him!  Very pleased to be able to work with him over the course of four years.
                
                   Dr. Wick always made sure everyone had somewhat of a grasp of the material before moving on, but he wouldn't spend forever on one topic. His door was always open if anyone needed help
                
                   I hated this class.  They are very unclear about assignments but are helpful outside of class.  The lectures are sooo boring.  They (he and his wife) are very nice though.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Great teacher! He knows what he is doing and really loves it. Absolutely loved taking from him. If you can, you should take his class!!! 
                
                   Typical choir director. Fun and passionate about what he's doing. If you show up with some enthusiasm then it's an A guaranteed. He is always open to questions. Even when your passing by and it's not his office hours.  However, some of the choir students have run into problems with him expecting students to prioritize music over everything else
                
                   Pretty Awesome! Knows the voice well and can teach how to be great!
                
                   This is essentially a Music history class. Lots of content and music examples will flood your weekends. Mr. Brown did have a syllabus but didn't necessarily have a schedule so you really didn't know when he was going to post a quiz or an exam until a few days prior. Probably one of the hardest online courses I have taken in a while. 
                
                   One of the best
                
                   Great class and I really enjoyed it. I was dreading this class, but found it to be much more informative and fun than I thought it would be. He is very excited about music and this energy goes out to the class. He really tries to involve everyone and is not so concerned about actual dates as he is the periods of music. I Recommend this professor!
                
                   Dr. Flores is a really amazing teacher.  I was his student for only a short time but it was incredible how much I learned and improved within that short amount of time.  I feel as if I am a different violinist now and he has helped me change the way I approach learning the violin.  Very valuable lesson.
                
                   Impossible to pay attention to, he is extremely monotone and overall just plain boring. Turned music into something I dreaded. Tests are long and overly detailed Even with attending the class everyday I still recieved a D.
                
                   Crappy teacher. Mean attitude. Way too much information and too many chapters per test (&quot;quiz&quot;)  I understand and appreciate music LESS than I did before I took his class.  He's a creep and should stick to directing his choir and stay out of the classroom.
                
                   Very good online tools and handouts.
                
                   Knows and conveys the material very well.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   I enjoyed this class. He had a great sense of humor and he knows what he is teaching. I have a little background in music and enjoyed how this class challenged some of my knowledge. If you are a music major his class will make you open your hears to listening and hearing music differently. Loved it!
                
                   He is very demeaning to his students and does not know anything about teaching at a college level.  He was also the college orchestra conductor and would attempt to give the strings bowings when he was completely aware he had no idea what he was doing.  If you want to learn I don't recommend him.  I'm transferring because I couldn't put up with it.
                
                   He makes me feel like a failure.  never! have I ever been approached in such a demeaning way before as I was in attending his class.  His failure in responding to his students' needs in a professional manner is only eclipsed by his enormous ego and lack in understanding how to teach at a college level.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   I'll say he's a nice man.  I'll even say he knows his music like nobody's business.  But I won't say he's interesting.  I literally had to bring things to do during his class to keep myself awake.  10 Quizzes online, only e-mail them to him when you get a 100, easy notes from ppt....just don't ask him about the musicians who make up a string ensemble, if you value your humor's sanity!
                
                   One of the greatest teachers i have ever had. She wants you to do well! She makes you work your ass off but it is only for the good of you. TAMUCC, be thankful you have this lady. 
                
                   Ms. Watson really enjoys all types of music and rellay gets her students involved.  I didn't thing I'g like this class but she really brought it alive for me.
                
                   Professor Watson is extremely helpful! She responds to questions and emails very quickly! Even with musical background this class was still sort of difficult but totally passable! I didn't really use the book but used the interactive site for all my studying! Take this class
                
                   Professor Watson is extremely helpful! She responds to questions and emails very quickly! Even with musical background this class was still sort of difficult but totally passable! I didn't really use the book but used the interactive site for all my studying!
                
                   Prof Watson showed me what I was missing in the world of music.  It's not an easy A but worth taking the class.
                
                   I felt Professor Watson really knew what she was talking about even when I didn't.  She took took the time to help me understand what I was missing. I've never had a teacher show me what I was missing.
                
                   Dr. Watson has a real connection to her students. She really cares if you understand the material and will help any way she can if you ask her.
                
                   This class was tough but Prof W did a good job presenting the material.  I was told this class was going to be an easy A, but it wasn't.  All the same I am happier it was harder and I learned something.
                
                   her grading is imprecise, she's taking it 100% too seriously and it's supposed to be a GPA boosting class yet, many people didn't do too great
                
                   Dr. W really knows what she's doing.  I never thought I'd like classical music but she really showed me what I was missing.  This in not an easy A and you do have to show up for class.  If you put the work in, you'll do fine.
                
                   Prof.W is a great Professor. She will give you ever chance to pass this class, and even hand out chances at extra credit. She will give good feedback whether you did well or not. She really just want to pay attention; and if you do you may just be fascinated by what cultural change western music really brought to this new age.  You do have to work.
                
                   2 concert reports, 2 tests, four quizzes, and a group project. Lots of work, most of which are very easy. The tests are so hard. Her quizzes are online but are just as tough. Her lectures are long and boring. She will give you assignments at the end of class to make sure you were there the whole time. She would play her oboe and ukulele for us
                
                   She is a very sweet teacher! Unfortunately, the class is very boring, but that is not her fault, she tries as hard as she can to bring a little humor into it.  She cares a lot about the class, and will Help Anyone in need. Just try a little and you will get an A or B
                
                   The class is really boring, especially if you have no interest in the subject. If you do your concert reports and any assignments you should get an a. The test are easy if you already know anything about music, and if you dont youll still pass. 
                
                   The class is easy but the lectures are extremely boring. I show up and do homework for other classes, don't pay any attention and I have a 95 in her class. She is so extraordinarily boring. her test are super easy. 
                
                   She really knows what she's talking about.  I've never seen someone so into all types of music like she is.  A little too much classical though.
                
                   She is a fair grader but you do have to work in this class, it is not a "show up and pass" type of class.
                
                   She is very nice and willing to help if you have any question. She is an easy grader, you can easily get high grades if you do assignments seriously. The lecture is quite boring, and I don't like the group project though. And yes she does give extra credits that worth a lot. I like her very much.
                
                   hes a very good teacher
                
                   When I needed help he told me to ask someone else in the class. If you're ok with no help I guess take it but I wouldn't take this professor again.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Dr. Brou was VITAL to my career in music. She is a very encouraging teacher, and goes out of her incredibly busy way to make sure her students are doing well in school and in singing. I cannot recommend her enough. Very knowledgable. Amazing soprano and voice teacher. She is the reason I am in grad school and working as a musician. Truly a gem!
                
                   Dr. Brou is now your favorite professor. End of story.
                
                   Very knowledgable and willing to help.  If you're a trombone major, you really don't have a choice though, but if you practice and show up ready to learn, you'll do great.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Class was for geared toward music majors.
                
                   Awesome Professor!
                
                   Awesome Guy!
                
                   Great teacher, pretty funny too
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Excellent teacher he gives you the resources you just have to study! He gives you assignments to do outside of class not to turn in... DO THEM!
                
                   he assigns difficult homework, but if you can survive that, you'll do good on everything else
                
                   He's a good teacher. He makes the class enjoyable with his humor. =)
                
                   Great Teacher! Tough but fair and knows his stuff.
                
                   Dr. Sanders is a really good teacher.  He's not an easy teacher by any means so you have to work hard to pass.  I really learned a lot from him.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Very hard class but Dr. Sanders is a great teacher.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Don't click your keys and don't yawn! He is a great teacher! Really knows his stuff.
                
                   Awesome teacher, very motivating
                
                   DO NOT YAWN...TRUST ME
                
                   Great professor.  Don't skip class.  Don't yawn.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   This class was the hardest class I took this semester. The questions on the quizzes rarely match what was taught in the lecture. In order to pass you need to cheat. Went to talk to him and ask him for help in person and got nothing out of him, I felt like he was just irritated with my presence and was trying his hardest just to get me to leave.
                
                   this man teaches a music appreciation course that makes you hate music. His quizzes will be so random and inconsistent you might as well just cheat, thats the ONLY way to get a good grade in his class....
                
                   This class is way easy as long as you actually do it. Takes about an hour to do each lesson and the little quiz following. as long as you take decent notes and pay attention fairly well you'll do great. I printed the book pages out- DO THAT!! Lots of opportunities to get points and test require little studying and are very easy Very practical class
                
                   Not impressed. Took his class online and had to meet up with him on campus to go over some things that were confusing me, and ended up feeling like I was really bothering the man. Missed a few lectures and got totally lost, he hides the roster, so I couldn't ask anyone else for their notes and there's no way to go back to the lecture.
                
                   Hes certainly a tough professor, and takes no nonsense, but he is actually a very interested and caring educator. Hes one of the heardest workers ive seen in a long time.
                
                   One of the worst instructors I have ever encountered!  I would never take any other class taught by him, ever!!!
                
                   He really wasn't that bad. There is a quiz every day, sadly I think you can only pass if you cheat. The art section was most interesting. He tells alot of dry jokes. I think he tried to make the class interesting.
                
                   His classes are set up like a Mon/Wed/Fri class. The lectures are very hard to begin with and dont ease up until a month before finals. He wasnt my choice for proffesors, but he's the only one who taught the class and I wouldn't take another class from him.
                
                   On-line class is horrible, mandatory 50 min attendance, quizzes are like a shotgun spray of an array of questions. Proceeds to shove fine arts down your throat and expect you to quickly pick up as if you were a humanities major. I have learned very little about fine arts and instead find myself worrying about quizzes and if I was on for 50 minutes.
                
                   He doesn't look you in the eye, he mumbles, he tells stupid jokes...and he rarely stays on topic.  He's worthless.
                
                   Hilarious prof, but does not post slides so you must go to class but hes great
                
                   He's really cute, and honestly that's the reason I go to class. If you don't go, you probably won't pass because he doesn't post slides to ecampus. He's also funny, and I get a good kick out of his humor. Only bad thing is, I feel like his lectures are kinda boring.
                
                   Probably my favorite professor I've had at Texas A&M. He made the class fun and very doable. If you go to class and do the assignments the exams will be extremely easy. I'd definitely take him again for another class!
                
                   You must go to class, listen and take notes to do well on the exams. There is a listening portion on every exam where you must be able to identify where the music originates, musical context, texture, etc. No quizzes or homework. Two concert reports or album reviews (a 3rd was for extra credit). You'll make an A if you pay attention and take notes.
                
                   The prof lectures the entire class period, you must go to class to do well because he plays music samples, and everything he says is testable. NONE OF THE PPTT's GET POSTED ON ECAMPUS. So attending class, taking notes, and listening is vital.  There are no quizzes. Just exams, and concert reports. The class is overall easygoing.
                
                   Leonardo is so chill and he's a young guy. You don't have to buy a textbook because all of the material is on eCampus. The class wasn't difficult, but it wasn't super easy. I had to study pretty hard for the tests because it was a lot of information to remember. This is definitely an A/B class! Online quizzes aren't too bad either.
                
                   If you attend lecture, this class is a super easy A! No textbook at all. Exams are straight from the lectures and materials on ecampus, and are really easy to do well on. There is also extra credit if you attend concerts or outside lectures, so be sure to take advantage of that. Cardoso is super chill and interesting. Definitely take his class!
                
                   Professor Cardoso is awesome. When he lectures, he is very laid back & super funny. There are 11 quizzes that make up a good portion of the grade, but are easy if you take notes form his power points. Tests are tough (midterm & final only), but he gives a review & some questions come directly from the quizzes. There's extra credit and a project.
                
                   he's a good prof take him.  not a super blow of course you have to study alot for the tests but he gives review so it makes it so much better
                
                   He was a very laid back prof. Easy to understand and passionate about his work. He likes to see that you pay attention and provide answers to his discussion questions or give an opinion. 
                
                   I loved this class, it is seriously the best class I've taken so far in college.
                
                   Although the class is an elective and should be an easy elective, the textbook was how I did well-ish in the class. 
                
                   Dr. Cardoso runs a class with long, dry lectures. He posts all the readings and slides online and offers plenty of extra credit. Grades include 5 free response online quizzes, clicker questions in class, 2 performance reports and 3 exams that are rather difficult. Generally an easy A, just don't let the exams throw you off! Skim the readings
                
                   I thought that this class would be SO easy when I signed  up for it. You have to work for your grade! Each class has readings which are super long. He says you can just skim which is true but sometimes they are 30 pages. I thought it was a lot of work for just my performance class. 
                
                   Cardoso was a pretty cool Proff.  his tests arnt hard, and the class is really interesting. although he assigns a lot of reading you don't necessarily have to read. He only has a midterm and a final and the majority of the grade in the class is dependent on a final project that he gives all semester for you to work on. 
                
                   I took this class to count as my theatre credit and it was a lot harder than I had anticipated. I had a lot of trouble with the tests, and there are only 2 of them. I would recommend a different classprofessor if needing a theatre credit. 
                
                   This was a class I wasn't expecting to have to work hard in, but it ended up being a class I spent the most time studying for. Professor Cardoso presents the information in a way that is hard to follow if you don't have any knowledge of rock music history. Love the material, but it could have been presented better. Textbook is essential, hard tests
                
                   This was probably the easiest class I've  ever taken at Texas A&M. He literally gives you a 100 on ever single paper you write, and most of the papers are worth 10% of your grade. Clicker questions are super easy because you can use your notes, and as long as you study for the test you're sure to pass. If you want an easy A, take this class. 
                
                   Take it from someone who knew NOTHING about the "History of Rock." This class is easy. And Cardoso is a brilliant professor. The class is an easy A if you actually prepare for the tests and know how to write an essay according to a rubric (automatic 100's with an option 30 point bonus). Any bad reviews are from students who never showed up to class
                
                   Very easy class. Nice teacher, and generally interesting. If you pay attention, an A is easy.
                
                   His first semester at A&M -CT, and I say he passed with flying colors.  He's very knowledgable, and you can tell he loves his job (given his amazing resume in music). He will lecture the entire class, but it's because he loves what he's talking about.  Instructions were always clear. He's willing to help anyone succeed. Just a nice guy, overall.
                
                   Professor Leger is literally THE BEST professor I have ever had during my time in college. He truly cares about the individual student. He has quite an amazing resume having traveled the world as a composer, and he is completely down to earth. His class will make you appreciate all types of music. Take this professor!!!
                
                   Should pick better literature. But still an okay all around guy.
                
                   this man has crazy jokes....good teacher i think
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Take care of business
                
                   Pretty cool class. Actually learned a lot.
                
                   Did not enjoy book, but was useful common everyday information.
                
                   Teacher is fair and thorough, yet tough and demanding.
                
                   Nice person, not clear 90% of time. But hot.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   He is really awesome, knows his stuff
                
                   Neat person, very nice and patient.
                
                   Dr. Khile is a great teacher. hes very knowledgable
                
                   Dr. Kihle is a great professor. I am not a music major, but he made this class easy for me to understand. He went in depth on the subject and class participation made the course interesting. He can really connect with his students. A presentation is requred at the end, but it is easy (3-5 mins). His tests are ok, but you MUST read the book to pass
                
                   Easy if you practice and try
                
                   I have taken him for all 4 of my Music Theory classes and I have nothing bad to say!  He will explain it until you have no doubt in your mind of anything... Excellent teacher!!  He's grading is pretty hard though, and do his reviews to the tests.  Turn your homework right in on time once he's walked into the room and starts lecturing it's late.
                
                   Great Job Whoo Whoo!
                
                   Avoid this professor at all costs.  I took her for a summer II course and she assigns an unrealistic, overwhelming amount of work.  Projects, binder, two textbooks you have to read from, 75 slide power points, the list goes on and on.  Completely disorganized, tests consist of multiple choice, labeling, essay, matching, fill in the blank...
                
                   Her philosophical approach to music greatly improved my ability to play any instrument that is fairly straight forward to play. I had a moment of what I suspect was a lesson from her. Though I was trying to learn a piece that was far beyond me she still gave me pointers, though she did let me know that it was unlikely that I learned the piece.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Really sweet man, kind of goofy. Music is his passion. He really just wants you to enjoy the class. I am walking out this semester actually wishing I could have did more because it was so easy and enjoyable. We had to attend 4 music concerts for the school as part of our grade. Easy open bookinternet quizzes in . Watched movies every class! :)
                
                   Farone was a great teacher, good humor, had fun attending class. Just show up to class and youll Get an A+
                
                   Easiest class you will EVER take. Super nice professor, you basically just watch movies, open book/internet quizzes, attend a concert, takes roll sometimes. Loved this class!
                
                   Easy class just attend the classes. Almost every class you watch is a movie and have to write a small essay no problem.
                
                   The class was super easy. I got an A. You have to attend 2 concerts and write a few easy essays that you can just BS. You watch a bunch of movies and its pretty cool.
                
                   Go to class it's an easy A type of class! Plus the videos are interesting and we watch good movies.  Nice teacher he wants you to do well and enjoy music. Try studying with classical music.
                
                   Strongly Suggest This Professor he is a good friend of mine now after only one semester. He has written me letters of recommendation too. Easy A for fine arts credit. Understanding and Enjoying Music.
                
                   Awesome teacher!!!
                
                   Great instructor, class was very easy to understand.  Entertaining videos accompanied by Farone's narration always made the time go by. The quizes are open book. All you have to do is show up and you will get an A.
                
                   Great class, didn't expect to like it but it was super chill and actually very interesting at times, movies were great and test/quizzes are easy.
                
                   It's kind of a waste of money, but was very fun, and also is a gpa booster.
                
                   One of the Best teachers at TAMUCC. Im a science major but would enjoy taking his music class again.
                
                   This professor is AWESOME. Hes really nice, and funny. Dont miss class, and don't leave class early. He respects his students, so please respect him also.
                
                   This instructor is Awesome. Did not make the class complicated or harsh. Highly recommend this instructor.
                
                   Without a doubt the best and easiest professor on campus. His lectures are easy to follow and his quizzes are open book. Very helpful professor. Just show up to class, sign in, and you'll get an A
                
                   Easiest class ever! Want an easy A&#63; Take this class:)
                
                   Really, really easy. Open book tests. Nice guy. Lots of movies are watched.
                
                   This class is very easy. If you always come to class and have a book (for the test because he will allow you to use it while you are take the test). However, remember that you must not leave the class unless he says that because he will check the attendance two times. If you don't participate frequently in the class, you have to take the final.
                
                   This is the Class that you dont even need to worry about..it is just an A..
                
                   Easiest prof you will ever have. Quizzes are open-book and always tells you what is on each quiz. Must attend two concerts and turn in short paper over them. You get to watch movies but don't sleep through them cause he quizzes over them. Attendance is mandatory and determines whether you will have to take final or not
                
                   He's awesome!!!! Best teacher I've had so far. If you need an easy A to bump up your grade, take him for piano:D
                
                   Awesome teacher & a very kind person!
                
                   Kind, patient, had him for both ear training and Music theory. Kind, lenient, and understands the rigors of being a music student. Take him for theory if you are coming into the music world with no background knowledge and you will be glad you did when everything's all over.
                
                   Awesome Professor. Taught very clearly! Awesome oportunities to get extra points. Just do your homework and ask questions! awesome piano player which helps alot!! very good teacher!
                
                   Greatest teacher for theory ever.
                
                   He is very knowledgeable about all music ranging from theory to history. He was a great teacher and although the class may be difficult, you learn a lot. He was one of my favorite teachers.
                
                   great teacher.
                
                   I hear Dr. White is a good teacher and has the students' best interest in mind, but I don't see it. Since we moved into the new building, it seems like that's all that matters. He is more concerned with students laying on the marble benches than receiving adequate practice time and facilities.
                
                   Great person & professor.
                
                   He is really nice but follows a strict set of rules, which is good.  He knows the material and truly wants the students to learn the stuff they need to know to make it in the real world.  The only negative thing is that he plays favorites.
                
                   Great choral director.  He he really gets down to business with the music, but he also jokes with the class when the time is right.  He constantly pushes for perfection and picks great music to perform.
                
                   Dr. White is one of the leading choral directors in the state of Texas. Anything he touches turns to gold. His program went from 22 members to 100 in four years. His weath of knowledge is unfathomable, and his love for music and, most of all, his students is unsurpassed anywhere, by anyone.
                
                   I've had Dr. White for conducting, music history, choral lit, hist and org, and chorale/chamber singers.  He's very knowledgeable and has a big heart for his students and music.
                
                   Wonderful professor who is very knowledgable of choral literature.  He has not only a heart for music, but also for his students.
                
                   Dr. White is the biggest joke for a music director that I have ever had.  He is rude, lazy, and does not seem to have acquired the skills that it takes to conduct a university chorale.  Under different direction, the department would excel.
                
                   She is hands-down the best conductor I have ever worked with. She is passionate, loving, and caring. And you better do everything she says because she is RIGHT! Good luck in Oklahoma, Dr. Sneed! We'll miss you so much!
                
                   She is a great teacher, very passionate about what she does.
                
                   Great person, great horn player.
                
                   Mr. Morrow is directly linked to the best in french horn performance, Philip Farkas.  He stays current by playing in professional ensembles in D/FW, and he is a big advocate of music education.  Would I take a fine arts class from him&#63;  Not sure.
                
                   Mrs. Meek basically expects you to become a professional musician in 5 weeks, which is impossible especially for most people who have had no music background. All three sections of this class are pretty pointless since it is impossible to integrate like they want you too. But take Music first to get it out of the way. Oh, and you WILL sing!
                
                   Ms. Meek is nice but she scares me a little bit. She is very judgmental and will make faces while people are presenting their projects. You have to be a perfectionist on your final notebook project in order to pass this class. This lady is obviously a professional musician but I'm not sure if she is the best for elementary education majors.
                
                   Truly a great teacher. She is a text book example of how you should teach. A great example to the education majors out there.
                
                   Mrs. Meek is literally the sweetest teachers I've ever had the pleasure of knowing. I adore her as a woman. That being said, she's not my favorite teacher. Her teaching style is somewhat scatterbrained and one gets the impression that she's making up the plan as she's going along. Do NOT take her class lightly. She will fail you with a smile.
                
                   If Correct guess this guy was vice president of student or academic affairs back in 1990's. I went to him with mulitiple greivances. This guy Instead advised me not to go to Jerry morris about complaints and tried to play down and instead shift blame at me for 1 complaint! Other complaints he did nothing. But 1 day I did saw him while sitting in ad
                
                   Hated this class. He isn't knowledgeable about the Elementary Ed. Degree. He says us teachers should teach one way finding value in each student's answer or idea and then he will disregard what you say without mentioning how you could be right. He called American Sign Language not a language because according to him a language is verbal. & the test
                
                   Hated that class.  That class scarred my 4.0 average because he grades on the bell curve, which is appropiate for other classes but not that one.  READ THE BOOK because the lectures have nothing to do w/the test material.  He is funny.
                
                   Funny guy yes but hard test considering that this class is for future teachers not music majors.  Ridiculous questions some of which he did not cover. Don't sit on the front row because he will be in your comfort zone. Definetly passionate for music.
                
                   His class was very interesting, but the test was way too hard.  He asked too many detailed questions that he never covered in class.
                
                   ok test is super-take-a-nap-in-it easy until test days...they can be killers-- have to read the book
                
                   Very funny.  Doesn't really teach you anything in class but if you read the book you are good.
                
                   pretty funny teacher but his one test was super hard and reason everyone had a letter grade difference in their grade.
                
                   She cares about the student's success!
                
                   Boring as I'll get out. And class attendance is useless. She just reads from a page and doesn't know the material she is teaching
                
                   Mr G is a great teacher and helps with anything even if it's not music related. I've gone to him for so many things. I have a better student-teacher relationship with him than I do Clements
                
                   Omg talks so long. Helpful if you ask for it. Kinda offensive sometimes.
                
                   Great band director, he's scary but makes good musicians
                
                   I believe Mrs Garcia knows what she is doing, I just don't think she knows how to teach the material. She assigns work out of the textbooks then just gives you the answers the next day, leaving you to teach yourself. 
                
                   Best clarinet professor. But she's really hard. Will make you a way better player.
                
                   Best clarinet professor. But she's really hard. Will make you a way better player.
                
                   She was very clear on what she wanted me to prepare for lessons. On the other hand, her expectation varied depending on piano majors or piano minors.  She can be tough at times but can be pretty funny in her own way. 
                
                   She is great!
                
                   Her performance ability is superior, also a great teacher!
                
                   hot, nice tush; wonder if she'd take a lover...
                
                   Dr. Chang is an amazing performer.  Her teaching on the other hand is quite the opposite. If you are a piano major...expect perfection.  If you are a piano minor just practice, but if you long to grow as a pianist...don't expect much.
                
                   I took minor applied piano from Dr. Chang. She was never really mean to me but I have heard all about how she treats her piano majors. I am also a good student so she has never really been mean to me but she is very hard to catch and her schedule is very inflexible for lessons and outside help. She is a phemonemnal pianist; the best I know of.
                
                   Dr. Chang is a very difficult teacher.  She degrades her students all the time.  She doesn't teach--but still expects perfection.  Her insults are the worst--telling you how awful you are constantly!  Don't take from her if you can avoid it.
                
                   He was not helpful to me at all. He was often late for the class, and was tedious week after week.
                
                   This teacher is a terrific musician. He's inconsistent with grading, unclear when he speaks, rambles about useless things, and makes theory pretty confusing. If it weren't for my high school teacher, I would have completely died in this class. Avoid at all costs unless you like a ridiculous challenge.
                
                   Great musician, terrific organsist. Terrible teacher. He should keep playing organ for the church and quit teaching altogether. His voice is very annoying too. lol
                
                   UGH!  He just sucks.  He is really nice and he has improved some but it is still really hard.  He also has some weird way of looking at sight singing that makes it waaay too hard.
                
                   If you consistently practice your pieces and he can tell you are making progress then he will pass you.  In my first two semesters of taking piano I ended up with B's.  He is a monster for Music Theory and Music History, but if you have him for piano just practice your music and you will be fine.
                
                   URGH, Dr. Burkett STINKS!!!!  I took him for music history, studied my butt off and got a D...and he blamed the class and said we were all stupid.  Then, I took the same class with Dr. White and got an A.  Yeah, I'm a moron...that's it.
                
                   He's horrible. I'm a senior at this institution and have never dealt with a professor as inconsistent as he.
                
                   I had to drop this class for NON majors because it was far, far too involved. At least he gave me a drop/pass. From what I hear there are less than ten out of the original twenty left in the class. AVIOD!!!
                
                   This professor is the cause of many talented musicians changing their major subject.  He is a perfectionist, who sees students as being incapable of living up to his standards, joking about giving &quot;F&quot; grades.  Good personality, but terrible
                
                   He's a great jazz musician, his bands will go far.
                
                   Such a sweet guy. Tests require a lot of memorization. I actually like that I know a little bit about jazz history now, not that it does me much good. I didn't do all of the outside assignments and still did well. Just study a lot for the test and you'll make a A.
                
                   Mr. Bauschka makes you memorize way too much! Also makes you do outside assigments that don't really help you in anyway. Don't take this class if you don't have to!
                
                   Very knowledgable of jazz history but requires too much to be memorized. If you like jazz you will like the course but if you don't I would recommend Theatre Arts as a substitution.
                
                   This dude is just crazy!!!!!  Dont ask him a trumpet question unless you have an hour or two!!
                
                   Take someone else or make sure you memorize the songs.
                
                   He's extremely knowledgeable and loves working with students. He is easy to get along with but he's never blunt about anything and is very passive aggressive.
                
                   I'm a Math major and I loved this class! She knows the material very well and will answer any question. Strict about phone use and talking during lecture. No textbook but reading assignments online. All lecture slides were online, but you will need to go to lecture to have the slides explained. Listening portions of the exam are easy.Two thumbs up!
                
                   Great Professor! Very nice & helpful. She is always open to questions inside and outside of class. There are only 2 exams, about 7 quizzes & 1 group project & her exams require you to know the material in great detail but they are not too difficult. Her PowerPoints are very clear so as long as you go to class & take notes, you'll be fine.
                
                   This class is pretty intense. The material is interesting and she makes it clear. However, you are expected to know it in great detail for the tests. She does not require you to buy a book. A large percent of the grade is based on a group project, so choose your partners wisely. Go to her review sessions. You will find them to be extremely helpful!
                
                   She knows her stuff.  She is passionate about this class and is always open to questions.  She doesn't require you to buy a text - she provides everything through the school blackboard (elearning/ecampus).  If you attend class it would be very difficult to fail as her powerpoints are clear and well thought out.  Simply take notes and you'll pass.
                
                   Stay away. She's so rude.
                
                   Dr. Houtchens was an incredible professor.  As a music major, I feel that I owe him a great deal of gratitude for preparing me well to be able to undertake music history research. He is a noted scholar of Czech composers (esp. Dvorak) and even lived in the East Block for a while with his wife. I loved the way he related music to art and poetry.
                
                   Very hard to follow during lectures,very passionate about musci but gets mad when you ask questions during lectures. I would not take this professor again
                
                   Very knowledgeable in music history and aesthetics. Expects essay answers on tests to be very specific to what was covered in class.
                
                   You're going to have to study for this class! But it's kind of interesting at times and he's pretty funny. His lectures never last the full time of class. He only has a few tests and 2 papers so you have to do really well on the tests. STUDY THE YOUTUBE VIDEOS HE GIVES YOU. He also gives reviews for test but they are just themes.
                
                   Dr.  Bustos is an excellent professor. He is very passionate about the guitar and inspires the majority of his students. Tests are about 50 multiple choice questions each. If you know your stuff, you'll get an A. I always just studied the day before the test and did fine.
                
                   It's refreshing to be taught by someone so passionate about his subject matter, but don't take this class unless you're looking to work a little bit. You must have the lecture notes to do well on the tests and you have to actually study. Not at all as easy as I thought but with some effort I still made an A. Do not fall asleep in class. Trust me.
                
                   What I enjoy most about coming to this class is that I learn from a Professor who is clearly passionate about the material taught in the course. He frequently plays his guitar and shows youtube videos when teaching. I would definitely recommend this course if you are interested in learning about music and its evolution in different time periods.
                
                   This class with Dr. Bustos was an easy A. No homework, easy tests. Much of class is spent listening to music. He is nice, will occasionally cut lectures short, and doesn't ask much of his students. The course is not defined crystal clear, but if you pay attention, it doesn't matter anyways. I enjoyed this class. 
                
                   If you attend lecture and take good notes, this class is a breeze. Just be respectful and you won't have a problem with him.
                
                   The title of the class is misleading since he mostly teaches about latino dances not world music. Note taking for his class is difficult since it makes no sense how he teaches them, but there isn't homework and the tests are not difficult. 
                
                   Course was not clearly laid out, notes were not organized. Material covered often had nothing to do with course description, and tests were incredibly difficult. There was no curve.
                
                   He knows what he is doing. He is real and fair...not like the other teacher at the other end of the hall.
                
                   Loved him! He's one of the best voice teachers I've ever had!
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Dr. Hansen is a fine musician, excellent teacher, and the most knowledgeable vocal teacher you will ever encounter.  He knows his subject matter as well as countless other subjects.  There is no better!
                