
                   He was very hard to understand. I couldnt follow on all the material, very monotonus. Tests were very hard.
                
                   ***PETER STEPHEN MURANO is the best prof @ texas A&M HANDS DOWNS! wish he taught bio, chem, math, and all the other boring subjects bc he made last semester a LOT more entertaining & learning was fun.
                
                   The online class is an easy A as long as you review the practice test. Grade consists of 4 online tests. Skim over the textbook and maybe listen to the lectures, which are super long, and you'll do fine. 
                
                   Took it online bc I needed an elective & heard it was easy (via TexAgs) Class Format: 4 Tests, 60 questions each Each question1 point 240 total points (215240A, 191240B...) Time Limit: 50 min I studied all material for Exam 1 and got 4660 Then realized Practice Exam is almost verbatim to test Got 55+ on tests 2,3, & 4 Got an A                
                
                   I took Dr. Murano's class in the online format. It wasn't that hard. I hardly ever ready (which I probably should have). He usually gives a practice exam before the exam with the answers on it. I didn't really listen to lectures. I would just turn them on and let them run while I cleaned my room. Dr. Murano is really a nice guy, and pretty funny! 
                
                   You MUST attend class, even if you make all A's on the 4 highest exam grades you will get a B in the course. He gives practice exams (sometimes with the answers) which is really helpful, but you must know why the answer is that answer. Come to class for the pop quizzes, read thoroughly, and you'll make an easy A.
                
                   Dr. Murano is an incredible professor, but you do need to devote time for studying. There are a total of about 100-150 study questions for each test. Prior to the test he will post a practice exam that covers EVERYTHING that will be on the exam. 20% of your grade is quizzes that he literally hands to you. I would take him again, no questions asked.
                
                   He is seriously amazing. So helpful and genuinely loves his students.
                
                   Creasy is a nice lady, but she is a boring lecturer. Notes are fill-in-the-blank, but the information is not always in the book so you have to attend class (the book is actually useless). She assigns one project that is insanely long and detailed. Do not expect a quick turnaround on graded papers, but go to her office hours to look over old tests.
                
                   Lectures take the whole class period and are dull. Just fill in the blank powerpoints.   Didn't need the textbook, powerpoints were enough. Gives extra credit for showing up to class and extra iClicker questions. Tests are difficult and hard to study for, but final replaces lowest test grade. Project is a free A as a test grade if you complete it.
                
                   She gives you a power point to fill in for notes, however, her lectures are just reading off the slides so she doesn't really teach. She moves very quickly and covers a lot of material in one class so skipping is not a good idea. There are also random clicker questions. VERY SLOW GRADER 3 weeks for a scantron. There are 3 test, a final,& a project.
                