
                   Far and away the most committed professor in mental health counseling at TAMUC. I also like her fun outfits.
                
                   Dr. Ball is one of a kind. I absolutely loved her and this class. She will help anyway she can and doesn't stress the small stuff. Love her!!!
                
                   Liked his class! I felt like I was smarter when taking his class! :)
                
                   Guys wacth out he wont have time for you. He has no real life experiences.
                
                   awesome karate instructor!  fun and kind
                
                   Not clear during lecture.  Be prepared to do a lot on your own.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Excellent instructor.  He is very helpful and interested in everyone's success.
                
                   Very egotistical... but decent teacher
                
                   WOW.  Hong Kong Cutie!
                
                   Great professor. Great sense of humor. Really helps you to learn the material.
                
                   I had Dr. Mathews for Counseling Diverse Populations and she was very clear in her perspective of what she believed we needed to take away from her class.  There was a level of tension that made this class a little uncomfortable.  It was clear that while she took differing points of view into consideration, she did not give them much credence.
                
                   I have had her for two difference classes... Marriage and Family and Group Counseling... she is extremely fun! she tries her best to teach you her stuff... it is definitely a different style of teaching then any other! she makes class fun! test are easy... but you still LEARN! Personally I enjoyed her Marriage class more then Group!
                
                   Great professor! Always willing to help. Take him!!!!
                
                   I took the Bullying and Social Aggression Special Topics course.  We did not have a book for the subject.  Instead, Dr. H gave us notes to study.  Midterm was open note essay questions.  Because of communication issues through the college, we cut down our already low number of assignments to 2.  Would take Dr. H again.  He was very nice &helpful.
                
                   Dr. Hendricks is a fun teacher to have. I enjoy his classes becuase its not a lot of homework, you just have to read a book, and he makes you really use your head. One of my favorite teachers, by far!
                
                   I have taken 2 courses with Dr. Hendricks and I am currently enrolled in 2 more of his classes. He is an excellent teacher. He is very helpful and really stresses the importance of learning. His classes are not hard; however, you will have to read the textbook cover to cover and write a few papers. Nonetheless, he is GREAT!  I highly recommend him!
                
                   Great guy, easy classes, don't know if you'll learn to much to apply to real world, but easy grade.  You'll learn how to be a better person if nothing else
                
                   He's an EXCELLENT professor, and is not your average teacher.  He doesn't keep you during the entire class period, yet he's GREAT on the notes.
                
                   I love this professor. While she is not very strict in her class she does expect her students to actively participate. You can tell she loves what she does and wants others to love and be passionate about what they do as well. I can't wait to take her again in the spring.
                
                   I cannot wait to take her again. You can tell she is passionate about her work by the way she lectures. She also is very knowledgeable and gives many examples to make sure you completely understand. Attendance matters and she gives extra credit. Test are very easy and the class is fun. 
                
                   I loved Felicia and her class. She knows her subject and I can tell she enjoys what she does. Her class was easy and fun. I didn't have any test so showing up to class was mandatory. I can't wait to take her again. 
                
                   Ward was very passionate about her class which made me want to participate even more. She doesn't give out test just homework assignments that are easy and fun to do. I would love to take her again. 
                
                   Dr. Berlanga gives great real world examples of school counseling and really knows her stuff. Very nice and always willing to help out her students.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Really cool and friendly...she's a talker! Really encourages class discussions and grades your participation. Strict with class rules,but it's because she expects her students to conduct themselves professionally and responsibly.
                
                   Such a sweet woman! She absolutely loves teaching!
                
                   No Comments
                
                   This class is definitely different from other classes I have had in this program. It is challenging. You have to work really hard and a lot of readings.
                
                   Totally awesome! Have good things to say about each student. Good memory. She can remembers all of our names.
                
                   I absolutely like her. I love her energy. In her class now. She is very funny!
                
                   Good examples and cases for students. A variety of activities in the classroom. I liked activities and discussions in class. Dr. Faii made a career course interesting. I would want to be in her class again.
                
                   having her this semester. class is hard, very hard xxxx don't like this class much cuz she asks a lot of questions and has many assignment. its not easy class. i don't like this class *_*
                
                   Really liked this class. Dr. Faii was nice and people in the class were nice. Hope to have her again. I recommend her to you all.
                
                   I think her class is definitely the hardest class I have ever taken so far. She had us do a lot of assignments. But she is a wonderful teacher with great personality.
                
                   I appreciated her handouts and hands-on activities in class. Like observing a child via two-way mirror was really helpful to my learning. I also appreciated her humor because it was really help me to refocus after a long day. She is AWESOME.
                
                   This is the best class I have had so far at the university. The class was what I always expected in terms of ?counseling class??to have a degree of connection.
                
                   Oh my Gosh. She is a character! Her energy, passion, humor were consistent throughout the course. She doesn?t act like other professors (all stiffy and talk a lot about themselves). I truly enjoyed her class.
                
                   She is awesome. Her class is the best!
                
                   Dr. Faii seems to really care for her students and is willing to work with them outside of class and shares her personal resources with her students. Activities in class added to understanding. Learning environment was comfortable. She encouraged students to share their own views and experiences. Too bad some people took advantage of her being nice
                
                   I took a weekend class with Dr. Faii. She had a great organization and was able to give us a lot of information without feeling rushed. She created an excellent learning environment. A lot of people in the class felt supported and refreshed during her course. I would love to have her again!!!
                
                   It was a great atmosphere in her classroom. She is a great teach. We got to work with many different peers in group assignments. Although it was challenging to complete all assignments and readings, she made it fun.
                
                   Her enthusiasm kept me focused throughout the course. The class was in a weekend format and I thought it was going to be really hard. In fact, she made this class really enjoyable. She was so energetic when teaching a long weekend class. Something about her class made me woke up during weekdays and thought about going to her class in weekends.
                
                   Dr. Faii's class is the first class that I truly enjoy attending. She has clear rules and expectations for her class. I feel safe to share my opinion with my classmates. Class discussions definitely help me learn about each subject. The way she teaches is really integrative. She helps me connect the dots how each course relates to each other.
                
                   Enjoyed her class very much. This is the very first class in the program that I really like. Dr. S has a great personality and fun. I would take her class again, but no... I'm done!
                
                   She assigned us a lot of work. Some assignments are helpful, some aren't. She knows a lot of things, but I wish she could be more personal to students. She is also really strict, but she gives you a second chance to make it right. I guess she is ok.
                
                   Although her class was hard, Dr.Faii was helpful when I had questions. She would challenge you to learn. I personally like her a lot. I think she is an excellent young blood in this department
                
                   She is down-to-earth and wonderful.
                
                   She does not respect to the students.
                
                   BEST TEACHER I HAVE EVER HAD. He is so sweet and cares about every student. He bends over backwards to help students grasp concepts and is a very understanding guy. If you get the chance take his class!
                
                   Best professor at TAMUCC! This class was very &quot;chill&quot;. He's a funny guy with jokes. At the beginning of the semester I thought this class was gonna suck but it didn't. Hope he teaches more classes that I can take ;)
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Dedicated to her students learning - Serious about her students learning!
                
                   She truly cares about the students and wants to make sure you fully understand any material before moving on. She does treat the class like 1st graders, but it is a relief while taking other hard classes the same semester.
                
                   not a lot of feedback on my work given
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Dr. Abassi can be intimidating, but he is actually quite personable.  I saw him outside of the classroom once, after I took this class and he not only remembered who I was,  but also took the time to engage me in conversation.  I am looking forward to the next class I have with him.
                
                   Dr. Abassi knows his theories. I was blown away with his knowledge. If you don't understand something or disagree, he will be happy to talk to you about it. His class is hard, but I got a lot out of it
                
                   Excellent instructor. Stresses importance of information needed for practice.  Hard but would take him again.
                
                   No Comments
                