
                   One of the best professor's I have had at Texas A&M! Very clear and understandable and makes you really understand the material and is always willing to answer questions. Knows what he is talking about and is very well respected. I would take him again in a heart beat!
                
                   she is a very smart woman but it is obvious that teaching is not her priority. We never had our test backin time and sometimes she wouldn't even have a complete grade on it. The entire semester I never knew how well or bad I was doing because she didn't even have grades the last day of class
                
                   This professor works at a law firm during the day and teaches at night, it was a one night a week class and she takes the whole class to teach. Her tests look and sound like a legal document. You have to present three different cases one in a group and your final is a presentation not a test. AVOID this professor or know your stuff for this class.
                
                   
                
                   What I like was he had all his assignments, exams, finals ready online to go at your own pace.  He makes the powerpoints to the point and understandable its up to the student how practice he or she needs for the test. I found them interesting and informative. As long as you study the powerpoints your good to go for this class.
                
                   Great teacher, has everything ready for you, power points and tests. He gives you a deadline to finish all assignments and tests. Tests are pretty easy you just have to rad and memorize since it is 50 questions and only 50 minutes long.
                
                   Great professor! Took him for Summer I and on the first day of class he had all assignments/tests posted on blackboard which was awesome. Just make sure you show up to class. A lot of the homework and tests questions come from the PowerPoints.
                
                   Amazing Professor. Puts up assignments immediately after he lectures the topic which is very helpful because what he discusses is on the assignment. Enjoyed listening to the lectures. Has a great sense of humor. I learned so much and would most defiantly recommend him!
                
                   Very easy course, yet Professor Middleton provides additional legal information. He takes special care to entertain as well as inform. He really encourages the class to participate; sometimes at the expense of the class' time limit. All in all a great class and a great experience.
                
                   This professor is not clear at all. His exams were not hard, but the class work was a bit confusing. We had to change different software systems in the middle of the semester. He is not clear on when homework is due which is confusing. He tries to have a sense of humor , when it really annoying just teach the class!
                
                   Greatest and funniest proffesors I have ever had. The guy is awesome in every way. Highly reccommended and I would taken him again and again if I could.
                
                   Excellent instructor. He has a gift to teach. Material is interesting. Tests were not difficult. Definitely recommend this instructor.
                
                   good professor clear instruction
                
                   GREAT TEACHER, EASY A
                
                   great 'real life' teacher very lenient on interpretation great teacher!!would recommend!
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Took civil procedure summer of 2005. She was in the process of moving to another state to teach at another law school for a year so she was absent often and class discussion were not detailed as she was trying to lecture to catch up on material.  The exam required detailed reading of the text.  Exam Tip: take practice exams!!
                
                   good prof, keeps it moving, and knows the law
                
                   This was a great class.  Professor Fountaine is great.
                
                   Fantastic Prof!  Best EVER!!!!!
                
                   Not nice. Don't go to class if you have not read. Take George if you can.
                
                   Excellent professor, knowledgeable and organized
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   This class was a joke. Chambers is very rude to all of his students. He talks to you like you have already failed the bar. His expectations of his students weren't realistic. The final was easy, but it seemed like a waste of time. He wouldn't let anyone use a comp, but hardly anyone was paying attention to him anyway. DO NOT TAKE! AVOID AT ALL COST
                
                   Art of Lawyering class helped improve my test taking skills  (both MC & essay) and increased my confidence.  Prof Chambers is one of the best professors at TxWes Law.  He will help you improve, if you put forth the effort.  If you are just going to show up without doing any work, don't waste your or your classmate's time.
                
                   wow, what a mistake this class was.  Everette is so inconsiderate.  Don't treat me like I've already failed the bar!  The class was a huge waste of time--just take Bar/Bri and you'll be fine.  I was afraid to even trust what Everette had to say.  He's just a Wesleyan graduate who's never really practiced, yet he thinks he's an expert.
                
                   She is a really nice prof.  She is good about replying to emails and answering your questions.  Always available to students.  Sometimes her explanations are not very clear.
                
                   Exams are fair. Lecture is repetitive, but she gets her points across. Show up and you’ll do fine. However, show up on time and don’t leave during the middle of lecture, or you will face her wrath.
                
                   Great professor. Very accessible to students. Gets students involved with in-class exercises.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   She is the nicest, most genuine person you will ever meet. She makes the horribly boring class of property somewhat interesting. Take her. She is very fair in grading, very encouraging with in class participation. Her exam is very hard, and there is so much info to learn in property that you need to study outside sources to succeed.
                
                   She was a great teacher and cares for her students! I learned a lot in this class but found that to kill the class I had to study additional material on my own.
                
                   Really good teacher, but exam is extremely hard.
                
                   Class: Copyrights - This guy is wonderful ut needs to consider being emeritus...knowing the stuff isn't enough if you have trouble finding the classroom.
                
                   Amazing professor.  He is extremely funny and makes learning material very easy.  He is always there to help in any way he can.
                
                   Prof. Burge puts groups on-call for subject matter, not days, so you have plenty of notice.  This was a problem-based class, and he was always very thorough in explaining each step involved in solving the problems.  Incredibly helpful class, after earning a not-so-good grade in Contracts!
                
                   Great Teacher!  Entertaining, helpful, and fair.  Quirky but funny.  Snarkey but helpful comments on writing assignments.
                
                   Took for Kaplan Bar Prep.  Can't lecture.  Mumbles. Rushes through blanks on the outline, if he acknowledges them.  Never repeats his statements.
                
                   Professor Barnes is HILARIOUS!!! He follows the book, which has a short and happy supplement written by the same author. Super helpful. Office hours are definitely worth attending! Exam is difficult, but if you read the cases/short and happy and are familiar with UCC and common law differences then you are set.
                
                   LOVE barnes. he teaches boring subjects but bless his heart.
                
                   Good teacher overall. But follows book, you have to teach yourself to get a good grade.
                
                   Very good professor. Extremely patient and willing to explain things. Seems to enjoy meeting with students. Lectures are interesting and follow the book in a logical manner. He gets bonus points for referring to people as "fool" in a non-ironic manner. Highly recommended.
                
                   Litigator, shows during class.  No patience if student is not prepared for class, which is a good thing.
                
                   He is hilarious, super nice, and very smart. Cannot say enough nice things about him as a prof. Took him for Contracts and he was a great prof. He answers questions directly, breaks down the material effectively, and I couldn't imagine taking this course from anyone else. He does take class participation into account, and may lower your grade...
                
                   Awsome Guy! Do your Hw and good things will come of it. His exams are more than fair and his door is always open if you need help. What more could you ask for&#63;
                
                   He was great outside of class, but the material is just not that interesting.
                
                   An outstanding professor. Very laid back demeanor with a self-effacing sense of humor. Explanations of CL contracts rules are very clear. Exams are straightforward and reasonable. Fair grader. You can't ask for a better prof to get your law school career off to a good start.
                
                   Professor Blackwell is the best adjunct, if not best professor, at aTm. He is firm, but fair. He tells you the first day of class that if you do not study, you may not pass, which is accurate. You can fail his class. He does not hide the ball. He lectures, covers the cases/materials, and when there are no more questions, class is dismissed.
                
                   I took O&G with Professor Blackwell this summer.If he places a lot of emphasis on something be sure to know it well. He is very knowledgeable about this area of law. If you don't understand something ask him. He is very willing to help students. Keep up with and make sure you understand the material. Bring paper,he illustrates concepts on the board
                
                   I thought he was great. Really easy to understand, truly knowledgeable about the subject, and he made himself available to students. His test was difficult, but he taught everything really clearly on it, and practically told us what would be on it. Anyway, you can do well with him if you just listen really good in class and take good notes.
                
                   I had her for crim law. People said they had no idea what she wanted or what we needed to know. However, in reality, she told us exactly what could be on the exam and exactly how to write. Just argue both sides and use as much from the fact pattern as you can.  The problem is we didn't cover nearly enough crimes to really learn crim law. 
                
                   Do not expect to be taught "Crim" or any subject for that matter. Law school, especially this class, is 80% self taught. That being said, Prof. Ayers can be a rude awakening for many 1L students who are used to hand-holding. Read the horn books she suggests, The Glannon Guide helped me, and she uses those questions. Visit her during office hours!!!
                
                   First of all, Criminal Law is not the easiest course, so always read and always be prepared for class. Professor Ayres is always willing to answer questions and to help in anyway she can, but it is the student's job to make sure that they understand the material. Don't rely on the textbook, read "understanding criminal law." 
                
                   Very sweet lady. One of the nicest professors at the school. Her exams are extremely difficult though and she sometimes has difficulty clarifying things. If you are confused though she is always happy to meet with students.
                
                   Good and fair professor who is very willing to help students understand the material.
                
                   The worst criminal law professor at the school! If you take her, invest in every supplement you can.  When you ask a question, she tells the class to talk amongst ourselves to get the answer.  Our class found out, after the final, that she had changed the essay at the last minute because she thought we were talking about her behind her back.
                
                   Had her for Criminal Law as a 1L. Not a good prof for such a large class. Used junior high teaching methods like students teaching the class with power points. Her lectures are scattered, not too knowledgeable about the course material. She's very sweet though, I wanted to like her. But she's not a good fit for this class.
                
                   Very sweet professor. Willing to help you understand any issue. Very accessible for questions. I really enjoyed her Family Law class.
                
                   Ayres is all over the place, VERY scatter-brained. Her power points are confusing and not helpful. When asking questions in class, she answers with &quot;That's a good question&quot; or &quot;What do u think&#63;&quot; and moves on without giving any sort of concrete answer. She allowed 1L students to teach the class for a number of weeks... Why am I paying tuition again&#63;
                
                   SERIOUSLY WORST PROF FOR CRIMINAL LAW! You will not learn a single thing from her..(invest in supplements). Hasn't coherently answered a single question in class, lecture is unorganized, skips all over the place, talks about cases no one has read and doesn't talk about the cases assigned half the time...and then have fun with her ridiculous exam...
                
                   Worst Professor I have ever had!  Thought this would be one of my favorite classes going in, and absolutely hated going to class because of Ayres.
                
                   Very sweet teacher and passionate about Gender and the Law
                
                   Great teacher for Property and Family Law!!!
                
                   During her 1st years her program had development teathing problems, but now she has honed in on the &quot;perfect&quot; curriculum, particularly for passing the bar. Her powerpoints greatly assist in outline preparation. Her teaching style puts you at ease, so you don't skip class because of fear of being picked on.
                
                   Highly recommended!
                
                   Awesome professor! Always available to help students. Powerpoint presentations plus in-class exercises. Gets students involved and makes learning more fun.
                
                   One of the best professors I have had in law school! I've had her for 3 classes. Gets students involved with in-class discussion and with Bar problems. I like the focus on Texas law.
                
                   She is absolutely wonderful
                
                   The negative comments are not true at all...she is a wonderful professor who will help you in any way that she can.
                
                   I think the negative comments are unfair and more related to the type of course than the professor.  Prof. Ayres is extremely accessible and pleasant outside of class, and tries very hard to present materials in new ways in class.
                
                   Very helpful and nice, BUT the guy can't give a straight answer to save his life. Everything to him is a shade of grey.  Which pretty much means he'll ramble on to any question you ask without actually answering it. 
                
                   Great Professor for Property! Professor Eckstein teaches with integrity and is very passionate and enthusiastic about the subject matter. Also, Professor Eckstein is dedicated to helping students understand Property concepts.
                
                   Loved this professor. Made property interesting and was very helpful and accessible outside of class to explain issues.
                
                   Great teacher, explains things well, provides multiple opportunities to practice exam techniques with his own questions and review sessions throughout the semester--take advantage of them. Open door policy, always willing to help.  Participation points based on actual participation in discussion, not the recitation of the case at hand.
                
                   Excellent prof. Strict, but fair.  Whoever wrote that he was &quot;aweful&quot; and &quot;un-professional&quot; needs to spend more time with books and less time online.
                
                   Aweful, most un-professional
                
                   A real by the book person. Reserve military, Everything is by the book. A real S.O.B. Terribly unfair/horrible on grading.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   He's basically Ross from friends when he gets on his paleontology high horse. 
                
                   Excellent professor. Always accessible outside of class, and keeps students engaged with his top tier personality. I had him for PR & BA and he was just as excellent in both
                
                   Professor Markovic is an excellent professor. I had him for 2 classes and he was just as effective in both of them. His tests were very tough, as law school tests should be. That having been said,  he is always accessible either via office hours or via email. Not only was he helpful in class, but he offered career advice when I asked.
                
                   The way he explains things demonstrates he enjoys complexity over simplicity for no good reason. He seems to like to hear himself talk. I think this class was unnecessary to become a lawyer.
                
                   Very funny and entertaining. Slightly atypical class in that he is actually interested in what he teaches and will delve into policy. Cares what students think.
                
                   He explains things in the most convoluted way possible. Seems to be okay with "passing" once but don't make a habit of it. After reviewing the final exam with the answers, I am more confused than before I took the exam. Some of his answers don't make any sense.
                
                   Not great, but not awful.
                
                   He was wonderful!  Very funny and very entertaining.  He taught the material very well and the class was not too difficult if you paid attention.  The class had a very laid back attitude and class discussions were always fun.
                
                   Excellent professor.  Very funny and uses that humor to keep your attention during the really dry parts of the course.  Prepared us well for the MPRE.
                
                   Judge Kindeade is great, he keeps a stale topic liveley and memorable (critical for passing the MPRE).
                
                   Prof. Lucas also teaches Tax Law. So his exams are very fact based. Very long and difficult. Class is very long and can be confusing. 
                
                   Professor Aziz--Tough but straightforward and clear. She expects a lot, but for your good. Uses Socratic method. No guessing about supplements. Not a hand-holder. But listens and give direct answers and personalized feedback. You will learn how to analyze cases and to think like a lawyer. Draws out political layers in cases. Theme: justice  money.
                
                   Aziz is a great 1L professor but not a great person. She is very demeaning. You will learn how to be a great student, time manager and lawyer in class, but if you make a bad grade don't be discouraged - she will probably tell you law school is not for you. 
                
                   Professor Aziz is truly dedicated to creating excellent future lawyers. She is fair and a straight shooter. Ask her a question and you will get a clear answer, unlike some professors. She is very helpful and encouraging during office hours and respects hard work. Slackers beware! But if the shoe fits wear it and don't blame her for calling you out.
                
                   I really enjoyed have having Aziz as my professor. She's hard on students, but she's doing it because she genuinely cares about our futures as lawyers. Those who come on here and bash her fail to realize that she's tough on us to make us better. Most importantly, she's passionate and very knowledgeable about the law. Great professor. 
                
                   Professor Aziz is an excellent professor. She is ready for class and expects students to be read and be ready for class every day. She makes students do case briefs for each case in the book. She calls on students randomly so all students have to be prepared. But, that is not a bad thing. That is exactly what a 1L student needs to be a good student
                
                   Self righteous and self serving are the only way to describe her. Gloats every chance she has but fails to recognize she's an associate professor at not any law school but the WORST and LOWEST ranked high law school. Unable to humble herself for the better of the class. Doesn't allow questions to be asked in class- Ask your TA or schedule an apt
                
                   I have utilized the skills I learned in Professor Aziz's class in all of my other law school classes. Her instruction is clear and she was always prepared for class. If you take her class you WILL have to work hard and prepare for class, but thats how law school is supposed to be. She's tough but you'll thank her for it later.
                
                   Horrible professor. Called on people and grilled them  until they made a mistake so she could make an example of how "unprepared" they were. Exam was an info dump. Required you to put all the information you possibly could into the essays, which made answering the actual question near impossible. Gloated over herself every chance she got.
                
                   I will not take her class again if I can help it.  She made her test difficult using only Islamic names.  She is also moody.
                
                   She uses a lot of questions from Lexis Q&A, Barbri. However, her exam is brutal. She will change the words in the questions and then they will not make sense. But she is decent. Get the Q&A and barbri and study the questions.
                
                   She's a great 1L teacher because she prepares you for the next 2 years of law school.
                
                   To echo other raters, yes, Prof. Aziz' classes can be challenging, but they are challenging in the way that strengthens your analytical skills.That is what law school is for after all.Particularly if you have an interest in civil rights issues, you should take her class.The smaller classes allow for more engaging, in-depth conversation as well.
                
                   Prof. Aziz has high expectations of herself and of her students. Keep up with the reading and have cases briefed. Extensive reading required. However, reading is still manageable for full time student. As the 9/12 rater advised,look up words you do not know. Prof. Aziz is a fair grader and get grades back within a reasonable time.
                
                   Pushes her students to do well. However, at times it felt like she was just trying to call people out in class. Would waste time grilling people trying to make a fool of them. Came to class often and was not prepared herself. Considering how tough she is on everyone else you would think she would come prepared.  Would not recommend.
                
                   She is tough on her students and some people did not like that. Honestly, its help me become a better law student. She really pushed us to really dive into the reading. Sometimes she will ask completely random things, ie. What an Acronym means in a footnote... She is just trying to keep you on the ball.  Make sure to look up words you do not know!
                
                   Prof. Aziz has high expectations for her students. Few professors actually set a high standard, but when one does, the students will rise to that standard. Prof. Aziz brings out the best in her students and pushes them in a way that ultimately embeds habits for long-term legal success. I would take any class she taught.
                
                   Aziz is an awesome 1L teacher!  She's a very fair grader and an enthusiastic prof with a lot of experience she enjoys sharing.  Use your legal dictionary to get ready for class, but know she is always available to answer remaining questions you may have.
                
                   She will teach you how to be prepared, and I honestly believe her class taught me how to be a law student. Class isn't easy, but she's a fair grader and exams are straightforward. She's always available to help if you don't understand something. It's professors like Aziz that give Wesleyan its reputation for having affordable high quality learning.
                
                   Aziz wasn't totally prepared for class, being unable to recognize a discrepancy unless it was pointed out. It was her first time teaching, she was enthusiastic, however she was SO focused on teaching 1st yr. skills that we didn't learn much about torts for the bar exam. Not entirely bad, and a fair grader, and we did learn good study habits!
                
                   He is not a good teacher.  He doesn't really teach you but just tells you all the things that he doesn't like for you to do in your writing.  He does not have experience as a brief writer or litigation experience so there is no page limit and he has a very long formula for writing.  He is very arbitrary and capricious in his grading. 
                
                   Excellent professor.  Taught things one step at a time.  He did not assign near as much busy work as the other writing classes.  I learned a lot from this class.  
                
                   She lectures by slide and socratic method, so you'll probably only get called on once. The slides are really helpful because she gives you the black letter law when she can.   Midterm and final was multiple choice and 1 essay. She pulls a lot her multiple questions from Q&A and PMBR. Study those! 
                
                   One of the best 1L teachers at Wesleyan. Pham is very intelligent and teaches you the subject and how to "think like a lawyer"
                
                   Great teacher, very difficult final. The final brought my grade down from a B+ to a B-
                
                   Judge is a great guy with a ton of experience and a hilarious stories. He has done it all (lawyer, judge, state legislator), and he gives great insight into his career. That being said, you learn much more about him then you do contracts. He also told our class that basically everybody will get a B. Great guy, fun class, but I didn't learn much
                
                   Very interesting lecturer.  Crazy hard test.   
                
                   hands down best professor at this school. some helpful advice - he says things in class we dub "spurlockisms." write these down and use them on the final. you'll know what they are when you hear them.
                
                   The Best Professor I have ever known.  His instruction in Contracts was, for me, a highly enjoyable and most productive experience.  I highly recommend him!
                
                   Excellent prof.  Took him for several classes.  He is a compendium of legal knowledge.  His advice in contracts truly helped me on the bar three years later.
                
                   His exam was ridiculous. The fact pattern was based on the most obscure parts of the code. I studied hard for his exam but because he decided to test us on weird and unsettled parts of the law I feel like I wasted time studying for his exam. Nice guy. Wish he would test us on what we know and not to see if we caught every subtlety of the law.
                
                   A Truly Exceptional Professor with real world experience applied to the classes he teaches.
                
                   Great professor.  Enjoyed coming to class.  He provides a lot of interesting real life application and examples.
                
                   Judge Spurlock has an interesting style of teaching.  He really knows his stuff when it comes to Contracts information and tries to make the class as interesting as possible by adding his own twist on the facts and he has also created his very own language which definately adds to the class.
                
                   Pretty easy, but that may have been because of the class I had with him.  We took a class trip to Austin, and the Judge (former Texas Rep.) showed us around the Capitol Complex.  That man can drink a beer too.
                
                   He is da bomb!  Very straight forward and never puts you on the spot.  He says it like he sees it.
                
                   the best
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Great guy, great judge, good sense of humor.  Really cares about students and their success.  Wish more were like him.  As a Family Law judge, his perspective on the law is a gift to us. He doesn't give many As or Bs though.
                
                   We had a smaller class size,  so it was a much more relaxed classroom setting. She assigned students to panels to sit at the front of the class and discuss the readings. It was actually a great way to learn the material, and Professor Warren directed the discussion, providing her expertise throughout. You'll certainly gain an interest in Energy Law
                
                   I had her for civ pro. I liked her alright. She kept telling us that finishing her final in time would be very difficult, but there was really no time pressure at all. She also said she wouldn't use many Q&A questions, but they were plentiful - as were Barbri questions. It's intimidating to be called on by her but she's fair if you're not clueless.
                
                   Dry sense of humor, but she is pretty funny.  She breaks down the material pretty well.  My favorite aspect of her is her willingness to help us before the final.  She gives us sample problems to work out and it helps beyond measure once test day comes.  I definitely suggest taking her.
                
                   Warren is super smart and has a great dry sense of humor.  She has practical knowledge and wants you to understand the material. Her tests are super straight forward and fair.  She doesn't hide the ball. You can learn a lot in this class, and from Warren,  if you pay attention, participate, skim the material, and are willing to learn.
                
                   Very, very fair and low-pressure classroom style.
                
                   Smart woman with vast practical knowledge. Exam was straight off the Q&A book which was not the approach she took the entire semester. Wicked smart, attractive and likeable.
                
                   Concepts are not always easy to comprehend but professor is willing and eager to help students.
                
                   Dean Short is a great professor. Sometimes the lectures were hard to follow because there wasn't a powerpoint, and he didn't use the whiteboard very often. You have to pay close attention, but he holds review classes before the exam. Really cares about his students.
                
                   Short may be the best professor you ever have, but he will make you work your ass off. The thing is though,  he'll make you want to work. Dean short is great.
                
                   This final is closed book. He claims that this is to prepare you for the real world.  However, if an attorney makes a will without looking at the code, he is setting himself up for a malpractice suit.  Also, Short seemed to dock people points if they  didn't get his questions in class exactly correct.  Not very helpful. Kind of a jerk
                
                   Professor Short is by far the best professor at this University. Take as many classes with him as possible. While he has high expectations, he makes you want to achieve them. I wish he taught every subject and the bar review course.
                
                   He was a fantastic prof. that was extremely helpful and his lectures were always entertaining.  I wish I had more classes with him.
                
                   Excellent instructor. I look forward to taking as many classes as possible from him. Is he really that hot&#63; I'll leave that to the ladies (or gentlemen who wish) to decide.
                
                   All is good.
                
                   Awesome.
                
                   Best professor at Wesleyan.
                
                   Great professor, you won't get a better property prof.
                
                   Professor Sudderth is wonderful! I would take her class again in a heartbeat. She is tough, absolutely hilarious, passionate about the success of her students and is a great lecturer. Make sure you go to class. A lot of reading.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Great professor. Interesting lectures that contain relevant material. The reading load is manageable. Eager to help students and answer questions. Recommended.
                
                   No textbook used for class. Students were required to present Oral Arguments every class period for the whole class period. He did not teach-he sat in the back while first year students "taught" each other Contracts. His exam was multiple choice, and wasn't consistent with what we "learned." Law review candidates got C+'s
                
                   You will be very aware of her opinion on social and criminal issues.  She seems to focus a little too heavily on them in my opinion, but it is her class.  She went through the material pretty quickly, you will definitely need a study aid for this class. 
                
                   Took this class during the summer. She moved quickly and covered a great deal of informaion in a short time.  I found Understanding Criminal Procedure to be the BEST study aid for this course.
                
                   Crim Law and Crim Pro.  Excellent prof.  Smart, helpful, and interesting.  Her class is fun (and I got A's in both classes).
                
                   She is a good prof. She makes her classes interesting. She has her opinions and she isn't likely to change her mind. Exams emphasize policy more than the actual law and rules.
                
                   Professor Seymoe is great!  Great class!
                
                   No Comments
                
                   She does not like men.  If you are a male, look out.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   She's really good, teaches you everything you wish you learned in LARW! Class starts easy then gets harder.  Homeworks can be hard.  You can ace the final assignment if you follow the advice she gives out about it during the semester. She definately knows everything about research and cares about whether you get it.  Really nice out of class too.
                
                   Prof T teaches a Clinic where you draft patent applications for real inventors.  Considering the unexpected consequences of working with real inventors and the difficulty of the subject, he was always very patient with the students.  I would recommend taking the Patent Law Clinic with Prof T for any student interested in Patent Prosecution.
                
                   She is an excellent teacher, but be aware that her exam is very challenging.  She designs it this way on purpose and is up front about the level of difficulty.  You will learn a lot and learn from someone who has practiced what she preaches.
                
                   I had Rambo for Con Law back in 97. As a lawyer now for 15 years, I find curious previous remarks about how hard and not helpful she is. Guess what? The practice of law is not easy and judges don't hold your hand. So, she was an excellent prof if you don't want to half ass your way through law school in preparation for a legal career.
                
                   A vindictive liberal.  Don't express your opinions or you will pay for it.  The worst professor I have ever encountered.  The only professor I ever despised.
                
                   Professor Rambo is highly intelligent and an excellent teacher. Her exams however are by far the MOST DIFFICULT exams you will ever take. Studying relentless hours will not help.. it is mostly a matter of memorizing every single detail of every word she spoke throughout the semester. You never know what she will test you on.
                
                   There is no doubt that Professor Rambo is a highly intelligent professor. She is also excellent at conveying legal principles and making the law extremely interesting. However, she had by far the MOST difficult exam I have ever taken in law school. Regardless of how much your prepare you will not feel confident after walking out of her test.
                
                   Best teacher ever
                
                   Professor Rambo is a highly intelligent person, but I did not enjoy her class. She showed up late everyday, she dressed very unprofessionally, and she used her class as a platform for her liberal ranting. I wish I would have taken Con Law from another professor.
                
                   She is one of the smartest people I have ever met.  And she still manages to be a great teacher.  You can't be upset about a teacher that expects greatness out of you and will do all in her power to help you be great.  If you are prepared and thoughtful about the subject matter then the class is a blast.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   She makes it interesting because she is a real character. She injects her own political views waaaaay too much into her teaching though. Constitutional Law should be the same whether you are a liberal or a conservative.
                
                   Con Law and First Amendment.  Excellent prof.  She works hard at the outlines and diagrams she gives to her students--they are accurate, up-to-date, and comprehensive.
                
                   Best teacher in the school. No one else even close.
                
                   She is an exciting prof. She loves what she does and she is very passionate about it. Her exams are difficult. Being called on can be a long and less than fun experience. Overall - I would love to take her again. I think you learn a great deal from her.
                
                   Professor Rambo is a fabulous professor.  She really knows her stuff.  The class is fun.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Really tough but really fair.  Long, impossible test, but it gives you more of a chance to get right answers and it is a fair test.  Be sure to read cause she gets ticked if you show up unprepared.
                
                   Great class.  Recommend to take during summer, although easy class either way.  Cool guy.
                
                   Really great professor. Has a lot of experience in law and plenty of stories that help keep a mundane subject interesting. Ask questions in class if you don't understand, he's more that willing to help and can explain things in very simple terms. He's also a very sharp dresser.  
                
                   The class is great but so is the teacher...and I mean to look at!!!
                
                   Great teacher, very knowledgeable about the subject. Doesn't confuse you with mundane fact, keeps it to what is pertinent. Highly recommended!
                
                   Very good teacher for Business Law! He is a lawyer who teaches straight out of the textbook. He's very understanding in his lectures and tells you what you should know for tests and quizzes. Overall, if your taking this class take it with this professor!
                
                   Incredible professor. You'll be lucky if you get him for civ pro.
                
                   One of the best teachersprofs I've ever had. So clear and organized. Firm grasp on the what we know, what he knows, and each stage of our knowledge as it progresses through the class. Great writing and thinking teacher. Do exactly what Prof. Murphy says and you'll do great. (I redefined "easy" to be grade corresponds to clear instructions.)
                
                   very smart and he knows it. gives excellent criticism to help you be a better writer and most likely a better lawyer. not easy by any means but probably the best LARW professor on campus.
                
                   Professor Newman organizes his lectures into powerpoint presentations complete with animations, mental breaks, problem discussions and policy discussion.  Well thought out and really interested in the students learning the material.
                
                   I really wasn't looking forward to this class.  He knows that one doesn't go to lawschool to take a business class.  He tries to make it as entertaining as possible and as digestible as possible.  He isn't one of those obnoxious professors that think that his class is the end all be all and it makes you want to be prepared and do well in his class.
                
                   Well prepared for class.
                
                   He is by far one of the worst teachers who does not know the subject he is teaching
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Professor Newman is one of the best professors at the law school.  He is easy going and very approachable.  He always makes class interesting.  It doesn't hurt that he is easy on the eyes and has a great personality.
                
                   Prof. Hambleton is very helpful, but you have to ask for the help. He gets confused at times. But great LARW prof. 
                
                   All exams are very difficult. I understood the content and did very well on midterms, and was fully prepared for the final, but did not complete it in time. It really impacted my grade. TIP!! - Start with the essay questions first! As for his classroom instruction, he is the funniest professor I have ever had. And he really knows his stuff. 
                
                   He makes sure he explains everything in detail for you, and is more than willing to meet up with you if you are ever confused.  Be warned, if you do not read he will know and he will call you out and remember it all semester.  He grades tough, but only because he wants us to do the best.  He's a wonderful professor and I would highly suggest him.
                
                   one of my favorite profs so far. read the cases because you will get called on and be thoroughly embarrassed if you're not prepared. exam is tough, but fair. class is definitely not boring.
                
                   Enjoyed his class.  Very entertaining.  Make sure you read or you will be called out.  Everyone gets called on.  Heavy socratic method.  If you have his slides, make sure not to use them when he asks you questions, he will know.
                
                   LOVE him!!! Very entertaining, don't be late to class unless you want called on though :) Oh, and unless you want named to the greek chorus, don't talk without raising your hand and being called on...
                
                   McGrath was my most favorite professor. After his final exam he became my least favorite professor. After I received my grade, he shot back up to most favorite again.
                
                   Pay attention to his slides.  Socratic method-everyone will be called on at least once. Very entertaining. Test is hard.  MC/Short Answer/Essay.
                
                   Great teacher, very entertaining.
                
                   Excellent professor. Prof is very knowledgeable on subject. His lectures are entertaining yet informative. He keeps socratic questioning reasonable as long as you are prepared. Exam was horrendous but graded fairly.
                
                   Long exam...tough, but graded fairly.  He's a very good prof, and entertaining to boot.
                
                   I found this class informative and believe that this professor has a lot to offer.
                
                   Horrible...this class was the worst experience of law school
                
                   Oh what an experience.  You have been warned.
                
                   I learned everything for secondary supplements. He will go on 30-45 minute rants and then say "you don't have to know that for this class." Interesting person with great stories, but class dragged on. Plus, he gave us the fill in the blank and the essay portion of our exam before we took it. It totally killed the curve.
                
                   The man word vomits everything he knows about a topic in one sitting. Very knowledgeable but there is no rigid structure to his lectures. He tends to wander off of certain topic areas before he explains them and forgets to return. Be prepared to study with outside material extensively as his lectures aren't that helpful. 
                
                   I loved his class.  You do have to pay attention, but he helps you succeed and he is really knowledgeable.
                
                   Good teacher. He is somewhat all over the place, but it shows his knowledge of the rules and how they all interact. I liked him and found the class interesting.
                
                   Not very organized.  A few interesting stories.  Doesn't call on anyone.  Easy exam...fill-in-the-blank memorization, MC, and 2 essays
                
                   He knows his stuff, but he is all over the place in class and hard to keep up with.
                
                   Very knowledgeable.
                
                   He is a very sweet man, unfortunately an awful teacher. He doesn't explain anything. Word of advise, on your exam...just write everything you know regardless of what the fact pattern is.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Great Professor.  Nationally recognized.  Cares about students.
                
                   Dean Harrington is wonderful. She creates a powerpoint for each class and posts it to Elearning. If you understand the material you will do great in her class. Exam is straightforward, doesn't hide the ball.
                
                   Great professor, horrible dean.
                
                   Best professor I've had so far
                
                   Took her for Torts as a 1L and loved her class. She uses the socratic method, calls you by your last name, and questions you about the case you read. It is the best way to learn. She is an incredible prof. Take her. And if you volunteer on the first day of class, she will not likely call on you again for the rest of the semester.
                
                   Harrington is by far the best professor for 1L's! She is not easy, but as long as you study what is on her powerpoints, you will do fine.  She is so good I plan on taking her for Health Law next semester!
                
                   Harrington is an awesome teacher. Texas Wesleyan is lucky to have her. As others have said, she's not easy, but if you really want to learn about remedies and torts, she's the one you want.
                
                   Harrington is by far the best professor I have had at wesleyan. She is funny, cool, knowledgeable, friendly, tough in a good way, and really cares about what she does.
                
                   Outstanding in every way. The BEST 1L professor at Texas Wesleyanby far!
                
                   She's a wonderful teacher, she's extremely clear in her lectures. Do the reading, don't be unprepared when she calls on you..she hates that, and she may make an example of you. Tests are hard, but fair.
                
                   She's a pretty good professor with a good experience in law practice for many years prior to teaching full time.  Her real-life perspective is appreciated.  Her tests are tough.
                
                   Best professor I've ever had hands down..
                
                   He was probably my favorite professor my first year of law school. He really respects his students.   Know what he teaches/talks about in class very well. His advice not to worry about supplements is sound - his test was super straightforward without any tricky questions at all. 
                
                   First off, the most beautiful man I have every seen, and I'm not even into guys.  He adds humor to his lectures which makes learning much easier.  He really tries to help you do your best.  He wants his students to reach their full potential and it is evident in his class.  Amazing professor.
                
                   One of the best professors at the school. He is extremely helpful, and is a younger guy (mid 30s?) that knows how to interact with students. The test is tough, but if you really put in the hours studying it is possible to pull an A. Don't neglect the conveyance rules, because they're important. Study hard. Great professor.
                
                   He is very energetic and a great teacher.  Fun and likes to get interaction from the class.  He doesn't call on random people but relies on volunteers.  The final is super tough and you need to know the rules because it is closed book.  Don't neglect the rules because focused on "State the title" questions.  Few MC, heavy essay and short answer.
                
                   Take him if you can. You will learn a lot, but understand his test is a beat down. One of the hardest test I have ever taken.
                
                   A class with Prof. Mulvaney is not a class, it is an experience. He is one of the most engaging professors I have ever had. He is creative, organized, energetic, knowledgable, and in office hours, very helpful. He makes it seem simple in class, but his exam is tricky and really tests your knowledge of the law. "GREAT Prof." doesn't do him justice.
                
                   I had him for Property 1 and 2 and Environmental.  He is extremely dedicated to being an effective teacher, so if you're unclear on something, just ask. He's very open to questions.
                
                   Energetic and helpful
                
                   many classes cancelled due to his health, then he scheduled more make-ups than cancelled classes. he is hard to follow most of the time. terrible class.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Prof. Fuqua is very nice, but she is not very good at explaining how to draft estate documents to someone with almost no experience.  I was one of the only people in the class not taking it for the estate planning certificate program (probably why the curve was killer: I had a 77 raw score and got a C...) Don't know estates and trusts? Don't take.
                
                   The judge will make you work, but he's a great professor for Texas civil procedure
                
                   i did not care for alton one bit while i was in his class. he was confusing and moody and i didn't get it. but during exam review sessions/office hours i realized he is extremely helpful and genuinely cares about the students. i misjudged him and ended up doing well in the class.
                
                   Alton is by far one of the best professors, very knowledgeable. He gets a bit focused, and his mind frame is easily lost if he gets distracted, so don't interrupt him or he'll call you out in a not so nice way. Sometimes the way he explains something seems confounded, but if you ask him to clarify he does a wonderful job at it. Not easy, but GREAT!
                
                   Lots of people give this guy a bad rap. But listen, he is probably smarter than any professor you'll ever have, and you will find none who are as dedicated to teaching you than him. Show up to class early, crack your knuckles, and prepare to type notes furiously. Trust me, he will prepare you better than anyone else on his topics.
                
                   Intimidating at the beginning of the semester.  Don't walk out in the middle of class and things will be fine.  Very very helpful, and nice.  Worked with multiple students to explain subjects after class.  One of the few profs. who gives up his free time to help.  Appreciate his work.
                
                   He is terrible. I would rather take a hot poler in the eye than have him again as a teacher.
                
                   Just dont slam the door and all is well
                
                   Don't catch him on a bad day.  Socratic method.  Will try to call on each student at least once.  Practical approach to subject.  Exam is long, mix of definitions, MC, and essays.
                
                   .
                
                   He does a great job when he's not upset about something.
                
                   Knows his stuff. Teaches the class as a code course, so know the TX code. Don't come in late, and don't interrupt him when he's on a roll or he'll go ballistic. If you ask him a question after class, if he doesn't know it offhand he'll find the answer for you. I made a good grade, and I wish I could take another class from him.
                
                   Very moody, but a good teacher.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   He's tough and has a temper, but I hear you remember his rants when you take the Bar Exam and will appreciate him then.  Sometimes he has a sense of humor.  Don't talk to him before class or he will call on you.
                
                   I love, love, love Prof. Alkon! She knows her stuff! She expects students to be prepared for her class and is unhappy when they're not. You will learn a great deal from her, more than just Crim Law. Be prepared in class & participate, you won't have a problem. Her final is straightforward. She truly cares about the night students.  Would take again
                
                   Structure allows you to slack off bc preselected students are "on call" and she doesn't waiver from those students. She's is a funny professor. Her grading rubric can really hurt you. Grade is the final only. Wrong answers are negative point, and some wrong answers are -10 or -15 points. Some students end up having negative scores on the final
                
                   Really interesting professor.  She called on students often, but has an "on call" schedule so you know when you need to be prepared.  She wants students to discover the answers themselves but did a good job helping you find it.  Brought in a lot of outside stories, personal experiences, and current events to put things into context.
                
                   The Barbri 1L book is very helpful in this class. She puts a word limit on the essay question
                
                   watch out for that final.
                
                   Loved her. Loved the class. Loathed the final. Good luck with it.
                
                   Professor Alkon knows the subject matter very well and cares about students. Also, Professor Alkon is considerate of students (she gets grades back to students within a reasonable time). period.
                
                   When its your turn to brief a case, you'll know a class early, so be prepared for every detail when it's time because you were given plenty of notice. She's AWESOME! Knows the material and explains well, and allows access to all of her slides all year long, so your notes don't have to be intense!Not easy but I would take her again anyday!
                
                   Knows her material, keeps the gunners in check, fair grading, fair warning, doesn't hide the ball.
                
                   Puts groups on call with advance notice. Nice to have notice but you better know every nuance. Allows some discussion, but definitely in control of class.
                
                   The Socratic method was heavily used but helpful because it encouraged me to really analyze the issues presented.
                
                   It was a good class, his test were a bit hard only because it wasn't the normal multiple choice questions. they required you think hard about laws and they were scenario questions.  he was a really good teacher and worked with you if you missed a test and so forth. would take him again.
                
                   Really enjoyed his lectures. Great professor, he helps you get a better understanding of the laws. Really easy going and funny. Covered a lot of material but was all helpful and important. 
                
                   Law is a big gray area but professor Sattler tries to clear things up as much as possible. Read the book and pay attention to the lectures, you should be good. He is very understanding, would take another class with him.
                
                   Jeff Sattler is a wonderful professor. I have heard horror stories about Business Law but he made it very interesting and understandable by giving great real world examples. The class is easy if you pay attention week to week and read through the chapters. He assigns homework each week but they help you prepare for the tests. Strongly recommended. 
                
                   Enjoyable class overall.  The final is short answer format.
                
                   Very easy class. Show up and listen to the lecture and you will pass. Each week there is one discussion and one quiz. One test which is the final at the end.
                