
                   Ok, here's the deal.  You can learn a lot from him and his lectures are crazy interesting. The class in itself is really, really cool. However, Lukefahr is not a great teacher. He's difficult to please and his tests are murder. He can be extremely condescending and teaches an intro class like a graduate class. Try hard and you might make a B. 
                
                   You've got to earn it in this class. Definitely not an easy A.
                
                   This is the kind of class that's going to challenge you. Just when you think you've studied everything theres always that one thing on the test that you didn't focus too much on. But I will admit that if you take good notes and pay attention everything is right there. Pop quizzes are once a week so look over your notes any chance you get. 
                
                   Honest reviewer here, He is brilliant and go on tangents but the course is interesting and so is he. There is one major drawback he uses powerpoints all the time and his tests are 75% material from the powerpoints and the other 25 things he says. This makes getting an "A" a challenge but definitely achievable just forces you to pay attention.
                
                   This was the first college course I had ever taken and I was absolutely blown away! He can talk about animals non-stop! He is the Einstein of the animal world. His class is not easy if you don't study. His tests and quizzes are difficult if you don't look over your notes several times.  Not an easy course but you'll learn a lot!
                
                   Took livestock genetics about 6 years ago, great class, loved working with cowgames.
                
                   I have been out of a math class for 2 years and taking stats with him was a breeze. He is very detailed in his notes and keeps his class size small to have one on one with his students. He quizes almost once a week and uses plenty of examples. If you need help he is willing to help.
                
                   Great Prof.  You need to work in his class, he's not easy, but does care about the students who also care.  If you want to learn it, then he can teach you.
                
                   Dr. Lukefahr's class has a lot of interesting information. The only problem is his lectures kind of drag on only because he just does powerpoints which he reads off of. For a good portion of the &quot;labs&quot; he also does powerpoints. My advice for passing his class would be to utilize the study guides he posts on his website. They helped me!
                
                   Everything in his lecture is fair game for his quizzes, EVERYTHING. Just take lots of notes, his powerpoints go over a lot but add any of his little side notes.
                
                   This guy is hard. The kind of prof. that if you ask for help on a question he tells you its in the book or in the lecture notes, no kidding Sherlock Holmes! If your looking to take Animal Science with him my suggestion is take it at the community college. But if hard classes are your thing you just might have found your prof!
                