
                   Dr. Daniel is a genuine professor. Some people may not like him because of his hard test in Biomechanics. However, he's a great person and doesn't make the class boring. He has powerpoints online and that is always helpful! Make sure to read and fully understand everything that he is talking about!
                
                   Great teacher. Quizzes over the lecture of the day at then end of class. Only 4 tests. Pretty much goes over what you read at home. 
                
                   Great teacher! Gives quizzes every time you meet for class. He explains everything pretty good. His tests are based off the book so make sure you're reading the chapters. He posts his powerpoints on blackboard so you can print the slides out and take additional notes if you have to. Pretty easy teacher if you read and take notes!
                
                   Great teacher, very helpful, and easy to understand! Make sure to study and read your book because everything there, will be on his tests.
                
                   Great teacher. Purchase the book, you will need it. Study for the tests and they'll be a breeze. Would definitely take her again!
                
                   Dr. Hearon is one of the hardest professors in the Kines department! Get ready to get chewed if you miss class or better yet miss a LAB!!! He only gives two test in his EDKN 4401 class, so it would be wise not to procrastinate! Note cards and getting help from  GA's are my advise to you for this class. GOOD LUCK!!! 
                
                   Pepper your angus because it's not going to be easy at all. The class is required for most Kinesiology and Pre-PT majors. Without a doubt it is the hardest class I've taken so far. Lectures are long yet very rushed. You cover so much in so little time. Lab assignments will make you want to cry. Little help from the professor, you're on your own.
                
                   Best
                
                   Hard teacher, but if you ask for help he is willing to help! Reading is strongly advised!! Great Prof!
                
                   Hard as hell. But the best prof I had.
                
                   This is by far the worst teacher I have ever had! Not a very good explainer on most topics, he knows his stuff but can not teach it so people understand.  Might as well not have a teacher and try and figure out what you can through your text!
                
                   Intresting class there where lots of gliches though you have to make sure you constantly check your test to the book lots of errors. Overall though comes out to be a easy A if you put the time into it.
                