
                   If you take this course, you're randomly assigned a group, and with no regard to the group members work, class, or personal schedule, your grade pretty much solely depends on spending many hours outside of class not knowing really what you're supposed to do in the project. I had a good group of people, but one together we had  list of issues too lo
                
                   Great Teacher if you show up, she will show up.
                
                   Dr. Browning is a great teacher! She makes lessons fun and understandable.
                
                   Dr. Bowning is an excellent teacher. As long as you are present in class, she will go out of her way, to ensure that you're successful.
                
                   She teaches what she wants media to be, and not what the industry is like today.  Out of date and tells students the same stories over and over.  I still can't believe they gave her tenure.
                
                   Dr. Browning is an excellent teacher. She really knows alot about mass media, I would definitely recommend taking her class whether you are a Mass Comm major or not.
                
                   Intro to mass comm is one that everybody in any major should take. Dr. Browning is an awesome teacher!
                
                   Her classes weren't bad. As a professor she was horrible. She was very unhelpful and extremely condensending outside of class. She gossips about students behind their backs to their peers and her favoritism practices suck. Take her class but screw her as an advisor.
                
                   I took multiple classes by Dr. Browning.  I learned a lot from her.  She made me work harder than I ever had to prove that I deserved everything I ever got out of the broadcasting department.
                
                   Her classes are awesome! They're challenging but taught very well - I've learned so much from every class with her!
                
                   This lady is crazy!
                
                   The class I took was intro to mass comm. OH MY GOSH Dr. Browning is the best! I promise if you take her class, you will have your fair share of comedy every day that you have the class. She's great
                
                   Dr B is one of the best professors I have been instructed by. Her classes were some of the hardest ones I have ever taken, but I learned the most from them.  She is a very intelligent  lady.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No homework...just three tests.  Go to class and you will do fine.  Great teacher, interesting and engaging.
                
                   By far the coolest professor ever. He had a rocking mullet at one. He was even in a band called "Legend 7" look him up! He is so awesome. He made me love my major and help me get my job right out of college. 
                
                   This guy knows what he's talking about, always. He's definitely not nice if you don't show any interest in his class, and you can't just coast through, but you're better off at the end of the semester. Feel like I made a friend as well as learned what I needed. Fantastic teacher and mentor.
                
                   I've had Mr. Ray every semester, he is a GREAT guy and really cares about his students! He knows so much about what he teaches!
                
                   Laid back tv production professor but challenging class, tests are fill in the blank, 3 absenses before you fail.  Has a corny sense of humor.
                