
                   Teaches the topic as many times as needed to gain most of the classes understanding. Not one to move on unless he feels the majority is on the same page.
                
                   Dr. Hart is great.  His classes are interesting and I learned a lot.  He is helpful if you don't understand a concept.
                
                   He was very energetic but if you are not a philosophy minor it will be a difficult class. If you ask him questions he seems to be very vague in his answers and is sometimes very frustrating.
                
                   Great teacher very entergetic. Class was very easy.
                
                   Took his online class- it was a breeze. Very interesting and he explained everything very well. Great teacher and easy class.
                
                   Ethics was so MUCH FUN! I quite enjoyed the discussions, and can't wait for more classes with this professor.
                
                   The class was really complicated because I'm definitely not a philosopher. He was pretty easy going though. He'd push you to think which on Mondays was rough but as long as you pay attention in class, you'll do okay on the tests.
                
                   I took his Logic class, which is a very difficult subject to study. He was funny, easy-going, extremely knowledgeable and passionate. He has a tutor, but he offers one-on-one help for those who need it. He even gives a few extra points here and there for effort. Highly recommend. I would take many more classes with him if I could!
                
                   Dr. Scala is a great professor. His classes can drone on a bit but overall he makes you think. He is also very passionate about the subject he teaches and it shows in his lectures.
                
                   He is a great professor.  He is one of those professors that enjoys watching students learn for themselves as opposed to teaching.  He heavily encourages cross talk and discussion during the class, and though he does lecture he manages to make them enjoyable by purposefully playing devils advocate.  Also, there is only one essay all semester!
                
                   Professor Conway was super cool and extremely helpful. All I had to do was show up to class and listen to the discussion. The best thing is that we only had to write 1 essay all semester and you could turn it in as many times you wanted. Would definitely take any class he's teaching.
                
                   He was super cool. Show up to class and listen to discussion. His exams are very easy if you pay attention during class. Participating in discussion is not required, but encouraged. The class presentation is the hardest part of the course, but you can work in groups.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   For the Spring 2011 semester there is a 200 word essay due every Thursday, prompt given in class and a 500 word essay due every other Sunday. The class is interesting but gets a little tedious beacause Daniel likes to word bash people's opinions-and always take the easier side of the argument. Take him if you want to think about philosophy.
                
                   Harsh and bias grader.  Grades are based on 2 papers throughout the whole semester and a midterm and final.  All of which are very hard and you will def. fail unless you live in his office during his office hours.  STAY AWAY.  Not an easy class or prof compared to the other PHIL profs on campus for Intro to PHIL. He does teach very good though =]
                
                   Homework (not mandatory) takes about an hour to do every night, but if you do it, you don't have to pass the exams to get an &quot;A&quot; in the course.  I got a 75 and a 60 on the exams, but did the homework and made an A.
                
                   Awesome professor Dr. Curry's lectures are interesting but difficult to process but over all it's a pretty interesting class just do the readings and you'll do fine.
                
                   Hands down best class I've ever taken at A&M. Not an easy class, LOTS of reading and writing - no easy As. Very involved lectures, lots of class discussion on topics of race, gender, sex, Blackness, government, white supremacy ect (all in relation to hip hop). Extremely challenging and thought provoking - worth the work.  
                
                   Dr. Curry is a great prof! I was in the same class as the person who wrote before me and I couldn't disagree more. While Curry is firm in his stance, he took the time to flush out his argument, welcoming any rebuttals. He definitely knows his stuff. The only way to fail is if you don't read (which he warns you about the 1st day). Great class!
                
                   Dr. Ellis always took the time out to speak with students after class.   He was never condescending when answering questions.  He was upbeat and well-spoken.  Dr. Ellis seems to have such a wealth of information in his head that he is bursting with knowledge and just wants everyone to enjoy the learning experience.
                
                   I had a C after the first test, but ended up with an A. Once it clicks, it clicks. Ellis moves very quickly through the material because there's a lot he has to cover. But he offers review sessions throughout the semester and moves slower and is very helpful in those. Go to them! He also puts up practice exams that are almost exactly like the exam.
                
                   Horrible teacher. He is pretentious and burns through the material too fast and uses terms he doesn't explain. Even my TA said that she thought he was a bad teacher and said she was confused by his lectures. DON'T TAKE LOGIC FROM HIM!
                
                   Awesome teacher. Tom made me enjoy philosophy, which I never would have thought remotely possible. I *hated* philosophy before his class, and now I sit at coffee shops and have conversations about Hume with beautiful girls. Tom is very clear, a great natural teacher. He's at A&M now but not teaching this semester, hopefully he will be back in 2011.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   If you have the chance to take a class with Dr. George, do it! He makes class interesting and it's not very hard at all. I didn't have to put forth a whole lot of effort to get an A in his class. He assigns books for you to read but he tells you everything you need to know about them in class. You might need some for references on the final exam. 
                
                   The best. Just the best. Just take a class from him already!!! He is funny, kind, interesting, sardonic, open-minded, modest- a lovely person and a fantastic teacher. Even if you think you don't like philosophy, you'll likely feel differently after taking a class from Ted! :)
                
                   Doctor George is an AMAZING professor, I would take any course he teaches and I plan on doing so! He is super helpful and willing to take the time to explain anything to you. e loves to just sit and chat about philosophy and really takes time to get to know you. He is super funny and so adorable, I promise you will fall in love with this man!
                
                   Professor George was an AMAZING professor! Although we disagreed about almost everything he never affected my grade because he did not like what I had to say. He also took to heart what you had to say and strived to see things from your perspective as well. I learned alot in his class and he is by far my favorite professor at A&M!
                
                   Very understandable, but also quite liberal. extreme conservatives may feel slightly attacked, but if you are willing to understand a different perspective, it's a great class.
                
                   Ted was great, he was one of my profs my very first semester at A&amp;M and still one of my favs.  Plus, he was cute!
                
                   awesome prof. really interesting and one of my favorites ever!
                
                   The best professor I have ever had. The lectures are long but once you understand how he teaches it feels like you're only in there for half an hour. He cares about his students (he invited us over for thanksgiving if we didn't have anywhere else to go). His lectures are hilarious. He is the smartest person in the room but he doesn't show it
                
                   Sat in on classes over several courses. A strange concoction. Grotesqueness of SadeBataille. Insight of Nietzsche. Rigor of Spinoza. Passion of Jonathan Edwards. Black humor of Nabokov. Care of Mr. Rogers. Speak, comportment, gait of the rock-bottom mob. Woman hands. Unidentifiable ethnicity. Orlando (Virginia Wolf)? A strange concoction.
                
                   Wonderful professor who gave detailed lectures and a fair work amount. I recommend going to class because you might miss out on some valuable info for the many micro-essays involved in the course. The lectures were very engaging and he's very humorous, which made the class a pleasure to attend. He answered any questions and was very helpful.
                
                   He always kept class interesting with his humor.  It was an intriguing class, but not my favorite. Sometimes it was difficult to keep up with what he was talking about because he seemed to jump from one topic to another without indication, and the class was a bit unorganized for me. There is a midterm, final, a few homework assignments and essays.
                
                   Michael Istvan, or Mike as he prefers to be called, is an amazing professor. The passion he has for philosophy is very apparent and infectious. I soon realized i didnt need the credit for this class, but stayed anyway and happily took it as a general elective. He doesn't make you participate, but its hard not to with such engaging lectures.
                
                   This professor is very interested in ensuring the students' understanding of the basic philosophical landscape. He is always willing to help students who he knows are trying despite their performance in the class. I found him hilarious as well although some might find his humor a bit dark.
                
                   Mike is awesome professor who will give you every chance to succeed in the course. Always there to help and is a fair grader. i struggled early on in the semester and ended up with an A. Just go to class and take good notes and you will be fine. Would for sure recommend. 
                
                   Dr. Istvan makes philosophy a very interesting subject to learn. He knows the subject very well on a deeper level and going to every lecture is important, as the exams are mainly based on what he says in class. He is very free with students, and he is cheerful, enthusiastic, and humorous. Dr Istvan is one of the best professors I've had. 
                
                    His lecture structure is different. He is funny and quite blunt. He gives two exams (mid-term and final), homework, and micro-essays. His class is not easy, but he is always there to help you! Talk to him, show him that you are working hard, and you should be okay. His lectures are very interesting.
                
                   Put forth effort and you'll do well. He isn't very organized but is very willing to help students. Over all a great professor.
                
                   This professor is absolutely awesome! He definitely isn't afraid to say some bad words but it always keeps you on your toes. He cares very much about whether the students learn and presents things in a very clear manner. Would definitely take another class from this guy!
                
                   Excellent course. I wish it had lasted longer. Mr. Istvan's lectures are clear and engaging. He wants you to learn. Take this course.
                
                   Amazing, amazing, amazing. Is willing and happy to put in extra work with students outside of class. Really wants his students to understand the subject matter and to succeed overall. Keeps class light and entertaining which helped me keep my attention in class.
                
                   Great professor, I would take any of his other classes in a heartbeat. Approachable in and out of the classroom and passionate about the subjects he teaches. Showing up isn't mandatory, but it will definitely play into your grade. Lots of writing involved and grades hard on it, but if you show up and participate you will get the grade you deserve.
                
                   Great professor, I took him for a summer Logic course and couldn't have asked for a better experience. He is a funny guy that isn't afraid to say bad words. He definitely keeps lectures interesting. I got an A without killing myself studying hard. Just practice the methods and you'll be fine. I recommend him for any Logic class.
                
                   Mike is quirky, to say the least. He cares deeply for the subject of Philosophy and for each of his students. I recommend taking him to fulfill basic math requirements! It will be a lot of work but he is willing to help.
                
                   Great teacher, if you put in the effort he will reward it.
                
                   Enthusiastic, Knowledgable professor. Difficult subject matter but made much more accessible with class discussions
                
                   The man is truly interested in the subject and will go to great lengths to see that you are too. Great Class!!!
                
                   Istvan is a great professor, he has an enthusiastic, humorous and engaging disposition. It is because of Mr. Istvan's pedagogy that I began to appreciate and understand their brilliance. He daily offers to discuss anything outside of class, and genuinely wants his students learn. My recommendation to prospective students is to attend every lecture.
                
                   By far my favorite professor I have ever had. She is very open minded and sweet. The readings aren't difficult and are quite interesting.  Class lectures are really just group discussions. Wish I could have taken her for more classes!! 
                
                   This guy is hilarious.  Great class and I learned a lot.
                
                   my favorite prof at a&m.  im taking another class from him.  easy class but it was extremely interesting.  lebuffe is a cool guy from cali, and is very understanding of students.
                
                   I took her for Social and Political Philosophy and for Medical Ethics. She has an amazing talent for taking everyone's opinions and making some progress with them. Her classes have tons of discussion and are always interesting. Plus she's smokin hot
                
                   Pappas' class is a class you wanted to go to. It was the highlight of my week attending his lectures. Yahoo group centered discussions and overall very enjoyable. Currently taking his Philosophy 415 class. As a philosophy major he is overall my favorite Prof on campus.
                
                   For Latin American Philosophy Dr. Pappas makes the class pretty interesting. The second half of the class isn't as intersting as the first, but the ease of the class stays the same. There are only two tests and four mini opinion pieces. It's pretty hard to fail this class, everything is straightforward.
                
                   Professor Palmer is an amazing teacher. Her lectures are interesting and she has a great sense of humor. Her class consists of some basic reading quizzes, a short paper or two, and 2 exams. The exams are fairly easy as long as you know the concepts. There isn't a book for this class but she posts all the readings online. Take her if you can!
                
                   Really liked this class. The material was interesting and she really encourages discussion, which makes the lecture more enjoyable. Also not hard to make a good grade in. Overall, she was very helpful and knowledgeable.
                
                   Class is 95% discussion and 5% lecture. There are readings 2-3 times a week, but they're actually interesting and the discussions in class are fun. Every "test" is an essay, so be ready to write. I found all essays to be easy, but some of the class struggled. If you don't mind reading & are an above average writer, the class will be a breeze.
                
                   Dr. Radzik's class is tough, but manageable. Grades consist of 3 essays, one of which is 10 pages long, and occasional pop quizzes over the readings that were all pretty easy. Class is mostly discussion-based and the lectures are very interesting. She's a pretty tough grader, but she's also very willing to help you out. Overall, she's a great prof.
                
                   shes a great teacher, i learned alot but i had to study hard.  If you go to class and take notes, you never need the textbook.  If you don't go, you can just read the textbook.  Alot depends on your TA though.
                
                   3 papers...weekly quizes..open book final exam.. pretty easy class..
                
                   Be prepared to take weekly online quizzes that are only 4 questions long (miss 1 = 75) that are worth 15% of your grade. This along with writing papers that will be ruthlessly graded by egotistical grad students out to prove they know more than you do about asking the question, why&#63;.
                
                   Dr. Sweet's class was great! Her lectures are entirely discussion based and she is very clear in her explanations. Grades consist of 4 papers, which were not that difficult. She is also very approachable and willing to help you. She's pretty big on participation, which I wasn't a big fan of, but other than that, class was enjoyable and not hard.
                
                   She was amazing! Very well spoken and highly respectable. She was very good at clarifying things that were confusing during class and was more than willing to work with students outside of class. She only assigned 3 papers for the semester, and they were based entirely on what we talked about in class and the readings.
                
                   Dr. Sweet is the best! You will never regret taking a class with her!!
                
                   I had her for a free speech course. She's very bright and incredibly interested in the subject. The classes were more like class discussions than lectures and it was always a pleasure. However, had to do the readings. Basically every class a short paper was due. No tests. Just essays.
                
                   I don't recommend this class until your junior or senior year, if ever. She seems like a very nice person, just uses a large vocabulary and really doesn't give clear explanations to anything. You will not understand majority of what is going on if you are not fluent in political science and unnecessary large words. A LOT OF READING, YOU MUST READ.
                
                   Professor G. Varner, is the current leader in his field, with the publication of his latest book (a must read for anyone concerned with our environment. Prof. Varner, as I said prior, will one day be seen as the Leading Professor in the field of Environmental Ethics. Gary has bridged a major gap, with the publication of his latest book,a must read.
                
                   Amongst few Professors teaching: Environmental Animal Ethics. Prof. Varner's teaching & wisdom of teachings are cutting edge for this embryonic field, which he is a Pioneer for this field, & will one day; decades from now, will be known to Animal Ethics as Jung was to Psychology, & Joseph Campbell to Mythology. Cutting edge, new genre philosophy.
                
                   He can ramble on if you get him side tracked.
                
                   I enjoyed his lectures and he made the hard to understand material easier to swallow.
                
                   Varner makes even Intro to Phil interesting. If you have trouble don't be afraid to go up to him and ask for help. In Env. Ethics, he opened my mind and allowed us to speak our minds. Very good class!!
                
                   I got an A in this class; however, I gave her a 3 as far as easiness because the workload can be a little intense at times, BUT if you put in some effort and do all of your assignments, she is a fair grader. PS She DOES take attendance.
                
                   As long as you come to class and do the assignments you will be fine
                
                   His class is great! Took it for an elective credit and it was a breeze!
                
                   Loved this  
                
                   I really enjoyed the class.  Assignments were all writing and the subject matter's complex, but it's definitely worth taking.  Some say Berkich is a hard grader, but he is totally fair and will work with you.  He's wise, super funny and flexible, which helps make it a good and interesting class.  A dictionary and coffee are highly recommended.
                
                   Berkich is a genius.  But be warned, this class is difficult and requires lots of studying.  I was certain I was going to get an A all year and ended up with a B due to my final term paper.  But I would take him again just because he's a great professor.  I've never learned as much in class before as I do in his.  Brilliant, brilliant dude.
                
                   Berkich can be a difficult professor to deal with; however, he is extremely helpful even for those who are not his 'favorites.' He is an awesome professor and strives for his students to succeed.
                
                   I don't have to spend my lonely Friday nights browsing reddit anymore! I just attend Berkich's lectures. Same content.
                
                   Although the classes are not very difficult, he picks favorites and does not always help those who are in that favorites category. Not to mention that even though he teaches an ethics class, he doesn't have an ethical bone in his body, and has even admitted to wondering why he is even allowed to teach the class due to his disrespectful "jokes."
                
                   His classes are ALWAYS hard. He wants his students to actually learn something. I highly disagree with students that say he picks favorites. If you have trouble in his class, ASK QUESTIONS. Go to his office and clarify the issues you have. Things will go MUCH BETTER for you. He always takes an interest in students that WANT TO SUCCEED.   JUST TRY.
                
                   His expectations for a mandatory core class are impossible. If you take him for any class (including philosophy recitation) prepare to always be wrong about everything. He changed our essay final, and added another 4 essays. You will NOT make an A if you have him. He will not let it happen.
                
                   I took him for Professional Ethics. He really opened my mind to forming ideas and opinions about all sorts of topics. He stimulated my thinking and helped me to appreciate learning a little bit more. His style of rejecting ignorance motivated me to learn more to prove him wrong. I loved his style of teaching, and I had a great time in his class.
                
                   Took PHIL of love and sex! it was a great class would HIGHLY recommend! learned a LOT! if you put in the effort you will succeed! he's a great professor!
                
                   If you want a Philosophy professor who KNOWS what he's talking about, TAKE DR.BERKICH! He is extremely intelligent, and THE best professor I ever had!! I wasn't looking forward to Ethics, but I actually received an A and LOVED HIS CLASS!! Pay attention, listen, talk, discuss, and LEARN!! You WILL learn Ethics with Berkich!! He is AMAZING!!
                
                   This teacher is cool. He has interesting things to say, he's sooo funny. He grades fair too. Give this class a try even if its not a required class. You won't regret it.
                
                   This man is very judgmental. He makes people feel like idiots, when he doesn't approve of what is being said. This class made me soooooo miserable. He chooses who he likes and unfortunately I wasn't one of the lucky ones. =( I originally wanted to pursue a degree in philosophy, but this mean teacher ruined it. Good luck to anyone that takes him.
                
                   PHIL OF LOVE & SEX: Awesome teacher. Requires a lot of thought. He assigns a lot of reading and there are quizzes. The midterm and final can be pretty tough. It is definitely a worthwhile class to take though. I learned A LOT. & it really challenges to think outside your box.
                
                   This is the best professor at TAMUCC. He's difficult, but he'll challenge you to be a better student. I suspect those who wrote bad reviews were students who couldn't care less for academia and just came to get a diploma.
                
                   Good teacher. He's nice, funny, understanding and very down to earth. He seems to be fairly intolerant of ignorance, but he never directly speaks out directly against ideas that don't sit well with him. Be ready to read like it's going out of business and take quizes every class. Oh and his midterm is deadly. His final is lethal. Be prepared.
                
                   Don't take his class unless you are super interested in philosophy & in debating. He's an awesome teacher and he teaches really well. But its super hard & based on opinions. Beware!
                
                   really taught me alot this semester
                
                   PHIL Love&Sex. Very bright and funny man. You have to read for every class because you will have a reading quiz beginning of class. He adds a lot of fun quizzes though. VERY INTERESTING CLASS! I would definitely say take this class even if you don't need it!!
                
                   John Brashear has a very unique approach in-classroom that involves a lot of small presentations, case studies, and stories from his many many careers. Be prepared to hear a lot of real-world stories about ships, marathons, mountain climbing, and other adventures. Also be prepared to apply the lecture material to his case studies. 
                
                   TAKE HIM!!! I loved going to class because it was like going to a stand up comedy show. He is funny so you will never have a dull class. His tests are easy and you learn! Yes! You learn without knowing! Great professor!
                
                   Took it in the summer. He's an adjunct, so that's pretty much the only time he teaches here. The class was pretty interesting and his tests were very easy; worded just exactly like the notes from class and he had in-depth reviews before tests. Oh yeah and one day we spent the whole lecture time watching &quot;12 Angry Men&quot;. Take him! He's really good.
                
                   He is an AMAZING professor!! You have to take his class if you get the chance. He uses great examples to explain everything. His tests are very easy and are based on his lectures. He's hilarious and makes his class fun but also educational. He's usually only at Del Mar, so if you get the chance to take him...do it!
                
                   Real talk. Dr. Piker is monotone and can put you to sleep fast. However, the class was interesting. Make sure  to read book since it helps in lecture. Go to SI sessions before each exam and you should be fine. There is an essay on each test. The final exam was one essay question. If writing is not your best asset, improve it before this class.
                
                   Great teacher!
                
                   He was alright, the subject in general is just a lot to grasp. He repeats A LOT. The SI is super helpful. The professor tries to sike you out about the tests being hard, but i found them really easy.
                
                   Half the semester the class is in a large lecture hall, then the rest of the semester it's broken down into groups based on major.  The test come from the power points.  He does give reviews:). Sometimes lectures get boring but can be interesting.
                
                   I took him for logic and I got an A. I worked pretty hard for it. Proofs were the hardest, but I went to his office hours and he explained them really well. The final was really straight forward. He gives review sheets before every test and quiz. He's a great professor and a great guy.
                
                   Great teacher. Took him for logic and learned so much more than I anticipated. As long you try and keep up w/ the material & the work you should have no problems in his class. Btw you can't slack off in this class because all of the material builds on top of the previous material.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   THE BEST PROF IN THE WORLD! HE IS GREAT AT HIS TEACHING AND CARES ABOUT ALL HIS STUDENTS.  HE WILL HELP YOU AND TUTOR YOU IF NEEDED.  TAKE HIM FOR YOUR PHIL CLASSES   HE IS A ONE IN A MILLION
                
                   He was the prof for the lecture part of Ethics. His test are kinda hard but the SI was very helpful.
                
                   It's an easy class. Writing the paper wasn't so bad. His standards aren't high.
                
                   He posts all of the lectures online, so if you miss something in class, the webpage associated with the class is extensive and very helpful.  Tests are multiple choice and easy to pass if you listen in class/read the lectures online.  Easy, explanatory papers assigned as well.  He is very spirited, easy to approach and overall a good teacher.
                
                   I did not like this class. All he talked about was sex and drugs, then you get the test and it's not about sex ans drugs... Hard to understand, he's polish, but also didn't seem to want to help unless you were in love with the class. I did hear that he is the easiest of the philosophy professors though.
                
                   Stefan is a great high energy teacher. He may sometimes go off but he will bring it all back to have a point. His text are very easy, and only require one paper 6-7pages. He is kind of hard to understand at first, but after a week or two it becomes easier. He sounds like a cross between Mr.Weed from family guy, and Borat.
                
                   He generally draws lectures out, and it takes him a long time to get to the point. However, his class is extremely easy, and you should have no problem getting at least a B, if not higher. Lecture class is not mandatory, and I would suggest not even going, you get everything you need just by reading the book.
                
                   Okay sweetiepies!  Will engage your thinking!  Has best interest for class, if you pay attention.  Always asking if students are following.  Any edition of the book is fine.  Go to http://ethics.tamucc.edu for notes.  Easy to ask for help if needed. Take Good Notes, listen even closer!  One Paper, 8-10 pages.  Two Exams, lots of little mini-test.
                
                   This is not the best person to teach ethics! First of all, we touched very little if at all on professional ethics.  The topics were muddled with decisions about terminating life support, doing drugs, etc.  There was never any actual "professional ethics" talked about.  I would be upset if I was a parent paying for this class!
                
                   I think Dr. Sencerz is a great professor and a very cool guy outside the classroom, but this course made me feel like he wasn't taking the subject very seriously.  I didn't learn much about eastern philosophies. You'll get an easy A in the course. Very approachable. Will teach you how to meditate, which is always beneficial.
                
                   He calls everyone sweetie pie and the topics and examples are pretty interesting. He's very eccentric but he gives reviews with some answers to the test which is basically 50% of the test. He hates people texting and talking to each other.
                
                   Prepare to meditate for 30 mins. before class. Not mandatory, but a good idea if you want to make an &quot;A&quot;. Easy weekly quizzes (if you make the lectures), and easy final exam. 3-4 papers due, plus the final research paper. Easy stuff if you're not a total slacker. Easy &quot;A&quot;.
                
                   Uses lots of funny examples that help to understand abstract issues.
                
                   He is very funny
                
                   I'd recommend him to anyone. He is very smart and always helps you with your arguments while still bringing up counterpoints. Great sense of humor and who can resist a Polish accent&#63; The case studies aren't hard because he reviews them in class. Take him!
                
                   Great prof, very funney, makes every class interesting.  He also raises many valid issues, questions, and concerns amongst people today.  Test's are straight-fw and there's a little daily work.  HINT: This class is much easier in the summer, no web stuff to submit! Should be an easy A.
                
                   hard to understand at times and deviates from subject at hand. he was always late with posting our assignments and grades. some will like and others won't.
                
                   He was ok until he lost my midterm paper and then accused me of not turning it in. What kind of ethics professor is he&#63;
                
                   Accent is hard to understand at first, but you'll get used to it; funny guy; good teacher; can use notes on exams; provides outlines, presentations, reviews in class and online as well; not a lot of reading at all, except on the web site readings/summaries...
                
                   Stef is a wonderful teacher! He knows much more than the average person. He has lived in different places, experienced many different cultures, religions, etc. Stef is talented beyond what most people could imagine ever being. Stef is Stef and he is the BEST for PHIL classes. He is not hard to understand with his accent!TAKE HIM
                
                   Difficult to understand due to Euro-accent.  However, his notes, presentations, and study guides make it simple.  I hardly went to class, because the exams were open-notes.  Scored a B in the course without minimal effort.  I participate on the message boa
                
                   This guy is awesome. he can teach and comes down to your level. most laid back professor here. take if you can
                
                   Tiller's  intro to philosophy class isn't easy, but it's not hard. You need to do the readings if you want the lecture to make sense. His grader sucks so it's worth it to go by during office hours because more often than not he looks it over & bumps you up a letter grade or even 2! Attendance isn't mandatory, but if you want to pass, go to class!
                
                   I absolutely loved this class! Tiler does an awesome job of relating a tricky subject to his students and making philosophy so fun to learn. Not only was I interested the whole class, I can actually say that I am leaving pretty well versed in the basics of moral philosophy. Take this class with Tiller!
                
                   Tiller is great! I definitely enjoyed his class. I was not looking forward to taking Philosophy, but Tiller made it fun, I never missed a class! His exams are tough, make sure you read everything! His lectures are great and really pertain to his powerpoints and exam questions. PAY ATTENTION and you'll ace this class!!
                
                   I took him for the meaning of life. He's a great guy. I didn't like the subject, but I kind of paid attention to the readings and I got an A. He's an easy grader. I didn't participate in discussions and that didn't matter. Just listen to what others say.
                
                   Tiller is hilarious and he is a really great teacher. You LEARN. I hate philosophy so much but he made it tolerable. I hardly studied and I got solid B's on both exams. I wasn't even trying that hard. That's not because the exams were easy per se, so much as I learned everything in class and didn't have to :)
                
                   Had to drop the class :( Philisophy is not my subject, not to mention I signed up for this class by mistake kept it thinking I could manage boy was I wrong. He is very friendly, funny and totally appeals to a younger crowd. He we have you talking!
                
                   Dr. Tiller is young and totally appeals to a younger crowd. he is not too young though, he is super intelligent and will help you when you need it. His tests are easy if you do the review.
                
                   Intellectually challenging and thoroughly enjoyable. The subject matter is not easy to comprehend but he breaks it down. The exams require a bit of studying because they are a combo of multiple choice, essay, short answer and true/false all in one. Reviews are very helpful. I had him for large lecture and recitation and I had fun in both. Take him.
                
                   Lecture hall style [300+] which seems overwhelming, but he makes it work. Extremely approachable and kind. The class is challenging, but the funnest challenge you may ever have. Take advantage of the Tutoring offered in Glasscock by his student asst. who really made the class comprehensible, as he is one of Tiller's former students. Best wishes!
                
                   This is the second class I've had with him and can honestly say he's the best professor I've had since beginning TAMUCC. He always keeps class interesting and his assignments/tests aren't ridiculously hard. Take any of his classes if you get the chance, he's awesome...not to mention he's rather cute too :D
                
                   He is a wonderful prof! He's witty, interesting and very smart. I've always had a penchant for ethics/ philosophy and found the class to be very easy. The book is super short and an easy, fun read. All the recitation classes were different so its just luck of the draw. Mine was an education section and Dr. Calley was just as great as Dr. Tiller.
                
                   Tiller you could tell he knew his stuff. class was set up to have a large lecture half the semester and then the other half in 5 applicable smaller classes. In recitation class we had a few projects and a 5 min power point. Overall great class, recitation was new this semester and disorganized. 3 exams= 50% of grade recitation class= 50%
                
                   Dr Tiller is a really cool professor and makes class real interesting. His tests really are straight forward but you do have to read the book really well to do good on the test. After the first half of the semester is over you have to join a recitation section which is boring and sucks(includes a 5 pg essay and a presentation you'll have to do.
                
                   Great teacher, attendence isnt mand. but its better to go so you know whats going on. The only thing that sucks is when the reces. classes start and then he doesnt even teach, other than that the class was easy, test are straight forward no BS.
                
                   He is one of my favorite professors! He is extremely funny and is super nice (and cute). Whenever there was a debate of any kind going on in his class, he is fair to both sides and sees both sides of every issue. He never makes anyone feel foolish for speaking up, and never talks down to any of his students.  You will not be disappointed with him!
                
                   Tiller is an awesome and hilarious teacher. He is very insightful and encourages his students to follow their fancies and molds the system of logic and thought. He also makes often inadvertent sexual innuendos and gets extremely embarrassed. Yea he is that guy.
                
                   Easy tests. not much of a challenge but you do learn interesting theories over morality and how to apply them and what not. Super nice and understanding, would take him again just for fun. Plus he's so dreamy...
                
                   This is my second class with Tiller he is so enthusiatic and inspiring. He makes every class interesting and discussion worthy and he is comprehensive and easy to follow. I recommend you take him even if you don't have to his meaning of life class is amazing
                
                   Absolutely love this professor!  The class is so interesting, and he is quite funny.  The reviews match the tests, the essay is the only hard part.  Get him for your recitation also, if you can.
                
                   Great Teacher!!!! Easy to talk with and very enlightening!!! he is also very hot!!!!!! the tests are easy which makes me love him more!!!!
                
                   Great teacher, you won't understand what is going on during class until you go home and think about the discussions that were presented. This guy is tough on your mind, so if you don't think outside of the box, you better start learning how to!
                
                   I took Envrio. ethics class with Darren. He is one of those teachers you either really love or you hate. For me, while i was in class with him i disliked him because his explanations were not clear. Now that I'm done with the class, I can't wait to take Logic with him this summer! His class is worth the frustration! You learn more than u realize!
                
                   very interesting class. had no clue going into philo wht its about. earned an A in the course. his lectures are interesting. the way he breaks concepts for better understanding is great. not much reading, the readings are interesting so i wont count it as reading. study (but not that much) and you will get an A 
                
                   Assigned readings were interesting, textbook was ok. No writing assignments a big plus! Dr. Badici is engaging. Reviews for tests were very high quality.
                
                   Took him online this summer 2012, this professor Rocks!
                
                   Took him this summer 2012, and this professor was very understanding, he is always there to answer your questions, you must read the chapter in order to pass your quizzes. Great Professor overall, recommend him :)
                
                   He is a really nice man, but I think he could teach the subject matter with more clarity. The lectures are tedious and can be difficult to follow, which is why no one likes to sit in the front row. Gives tests, quizzes, and homework. As long as you put in an effort, you?ll be fine.
                
                   His class is really easy, but he sometimes rambles on about a lot of topics.  If you show up to class you will do good in this class!
                
                   The class itself was alright. The teacher on the other hand, put your thinking cap on to understand his type of ENGLISH.
                
                   The class is boring but easy
                
                   Fun class, great professor. Lectures are based on material he provides, so no need to purchase an expensive book. Semester goes by quick with him, and the class doesn't take away time from others. In other words, no long homeworks or assignments and plenty of time to do the essays. 
                
                   Dr. Glick is a great professor, and has made the semester very interesting and entertaining.  His overall gradingassignments are great.  He will go out of his way to explain the material great detail until the material is understood.  He is always willing to help out and wants his students to do well in his course.  I would take again if needed.
                
                   I really enjoyed Dr. Glicks's class. There's no textbook that you need to buy (he posts the readings online). Only one exam and three papers to do. He's really helpful and makes it easy to understand his lectures.
                
                   Lectures are never boring. only have 4 essays at 1000 word each. completely enjoyed the class. 
                
                   Very enjoyable professor. Though I hated the university, he made things a bit more bearable and for that I'm thankful. Just understand the subject matter and summarize it in 1000 word essays and you're golden.
                
                   The best professor!He really knows his stuff.
                
                   He's an awesome teacher, and his class grade is all based on 4 papers of at least 1000 words. He puts more weight on the papers you did better on. He goes over everything a couple of times, sometimes redundantly, but believe me by the time class ends you'll get the point of the lecture! I think he's awesome and kind of funny, definitely recommend.
                
                   Great professor!  Really knows his stuff.  Class is interesting and fun.  Great sense of humor.
                
                   Knows his stuff...interesting
                
                   Every department needs a Ketcham (the quality of teacher, not an Irish man running around).  Like Obi-Wan, he is as wise as Yoda and Powerful as Windu
                
                   How TAMU-K is blessed w/this hidden treasure --- the unknowing Demos lol --- LOVE YOU KETCHAM!!
                
                   Very intresting class. Ketcham knows the material very well. I recomend this class to anyone intrested in the question of who am I&#63;
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Wonderful professor!  You must come to class and you must study.  He gives test reviews and extra credit.  He respects your opinions and questions.  Great guy and great teacher.
                
                   Have to read and take quizzes twice a week and type 4 papers throughout the semester. He will call you out in class and a lot of group discussion is involved. The entire class period is just discussing the readings and everyone's different points of view. Very interesting and he gives good feedback and help! Would definitely recommend!
                
                   The material in Dr. Sansom's class is hard to grasp, but he's very easygoing and helpful. Grades consist of 3 papers, 5 writing assignments, and several online quizzes over every reading. His lectures are mainly discussion-based, and he always tries to make sure that you understand the concepts, which are pretty complex. Overall, he's a great prof.
                
                   Dr. Sansom's class was very interesting, but also pretty difficult. Lectures are entirely discussion-based. His class revolves more around building your arguments, which really helps if you're interested in going into law. Grades consist of 4 papers and he drops your lowest paper. I managed to pull an A, but it wasn't easy. 
                
                   He is in my opinion a great professor. Philosophy in itself is an extremely hard subject no matter who you take, because you tackle issues that essentially have no solutions. However, he really cares that you learn about the subject and is great at facilitating discussion. Also, he has a great sense of humor and is a fun guy in general. :)
                
                   This was the hardest class I have ever taken.  It was amazing in the end though.  I really felt like I'd learned something and felt accomplished.  Sansom pushes you and expects a lot, I wish more professors were like him.  His Kiwi accent also helps.
                
                   Logic will bend your mind, but he is there to help, guide, mentor, you name it and he is there for you.  I never had a professor stay and tutor until the late AM hours.  Great person.  Take every class he has.  You will learn more than just the course you are taking, you will learn more about yourself.  AWESOME DUDE!
                
                   I took his environmental ethics class back in 2011 and after fours of college, this is still the best class I've ever had. I didn't find his exams challenging. I only read a small chunk of the reading material and made solid A's on the exams. Essays were tougher. VERY interesting, and insightful, class.
                
                   Best Teacher I have ever had. He cares about his students. Pat attention in class and everything will be fine
                
                   Without a doubt best professor I've ever had. I encourage anyone who has the opportunity to take one of his classes to do so. They're not easy by any means, but if you pay attention and do the work you'll get a good grade. He truly cares about each and every person in his class and goes above and beyond for his students.
                
                   I'd say he's probably the best professor I've encountered to this day. His class is tough, but it's not set up for you to fail. If you put forth a massive amount of effort and attend tutoring sessions you will receive a fair grade for your work. It's also clear that he actually cares about his students, he's very encouraging and inspiring.
                
                   Absolutely amazing teacher. He helped me to expand my thoughts without pushing his own opinion on the class. Also, he plays soccer with us sometimes before class. How freaking cool is that&#63;
                
                   This is an eye-opening class. Attendance in the class definitely helps when it comes time to write one of the two papers or take one of the two tests. Besides this he is extremely insightful and helpful on all topics. Also, I've not once seen or even heard of him telling a student anything that is not motivational. Take this class!
                
                   Best philosophy teacher you can ask for. He runs the class based off what you seem interested in, and he values every person input. (no arrogant and &quot;my way or highway&quot; like most phil profs. He knows his stuff, and he will change you life.
                
                   I loved environmental ethics! Darren is very insightful.
                
                   
                
                   Professor Schwerin tells you exactly what you need to know to pass. It's clear information, and you practice with the concepts for the entire semester. Attendance is mandatory, but it's an easy A if you put in the work. 
                
                   This is NOT a good ethics teacher to have. I took this before in Fall 07 with Stephan and he was good, made me actually enjoy the class.  This lady however wants this freshman class to be like a graduate level English class. Be prepared to write perfect 7 page papers with no errors, or she will take off 2 letter grades off your final avg!!
                
                   She's a great recitation teacher. She doesn't care much for the class and lets you pick the topics to talk about. She lets you out early and really likes discussions. The assignments are easy but she's picky on formatting.
                
                   Speaking to her in and out of class will make you feel slightly stupid. She is there to help if you need it, but her demeanor makes it next to impossible to want and ask her for advice. The class itself is not too tough, 3 quizzes/mini tests, midterm, final, and 2 papers. 
                
                   She expects class participation every single class, and I suggest you break this ice early otherwise it will be an awkward lecture twice a week the entire semester. She is extremely knowledgeable and presents the material, which is not easy to teach, in a clear and understandable way. Would advise everyone to take her for intophilosophy if you can.
                
                   I am currently taking French II with Phillipe and he is a good French teacher. Learning a new language is about repetition and consistency and he voices that religiously. I agree, although he does assign a lot of homework which can be overwhelming. His tests and quizzes tend to be tricky and he doesn't offer partial credit for answers. 
                
                   I had Seminet at St. Eds. By far the best french professor i've ever had. Does an excellent job of explaining grammar points and really wants you to do well. If you put forth the effort, you'll love the class!
                
                   great teacher. he knows what he is talking about and is very helpful if you ask for it. idk why people complain about having homework for a foreign language class cuz your not going to learn much if you don't practice.
                
                   If you do the homework, chances are you will pass this class. He is a very nice and patient professor, but you have to be willing to ask for the help if you need it. Don't expect him to do the work for you, you're an adult, act like one.
                
                   I had Prof Seminet for French I this semester at St. Ed's. He was such a nice guy! Assigned a lot of homework but it wasn't anything too demanding and if you set time aside in your day, you'll do great in quizzes and exams. Highly recommend him-- plus he was nice to look at and hear speaking French ;)
                
                   I have taken Dr. Seminet for several philosophy courses as well as French and Spanish, and yes, his courses are challenging, but you're in college, forchrissake.  Buck up and do your readings like a big boy/girl and you'll be fine.  Dr. Seminet is a great professor.
                
                   I think he likes French a little bit to much!!!!  He assigns to much work and the test does not always reflect the homework given.
                
                   Do not take this professor. He is a complete jerk and I didn't think he was very helpful at all. People say that is is hot but I don't see it. My best advice is DO NOT TAKE HIM!!!
                
                   His tests are super easy if you read what you are supposed to. His class is a little gross, but it kept me interested.
                
                   Awesome class! I don't know why everyone gives him a bad rep, but oh well. The only thing that he does is makes you responsible and accountable.  He's helpful and patient. The only thing I recommend...wait until Junior or Senior semester for his Philosophy class, you need some good English classes before hand! He's a great professor!
                
                   His exams are very difficult.
                
                   Stay away from this class.  He seems like a nice guy, but he is so difficult when it comes to rubric.  You do not have to take the difficult final exam, if you are on your last semester.  He likes Emmanuel Kant.  All exams are 10 fill in the blank, 4 short essays questions, and one regular essay question.  Manage your time well during the exam.
                
                   IF YOU PLAN ON CONTINUING IN ANY KIND OF SPANISH HE IS NOT THE TEACHER FOR YOU. HE WANTS YOU TO TEACH YOURSELF WHICH IS KIND OF HARD TO DO WHEN YOU ARE TAKING 4 OTHER CLASSES. PLUS HE DOESNT EXPLAIN THINGS IN A WAY THAT CAN BE UNDERSTOOD. LASTLY HE IS A EROGANT JERK AND I DONT RECOMMEND YOU TAKE HIS SPANISH CLASSES!
                
                   He's a nice guy and he helps you as much as he can, but you have to have a lot of time to study because he is a little hard to keep up with. Homework is laid out for you and there is usually a good amount of reading and homework. The class is pretty hard but not if you really set your mind to it. He's overall a good professor.
                
                   Insanely Hard, very difficult tests, tons of reading, boring class discussions, and full of himself, but he's probably a good person
                
                   He was HORRIBLE!!!!  He didn't explain the reads he assigned from the night, so we basically taught ourselves as he talked about the nothingness of his life.  I will NEVER take another class from him.
                
                   His classes aren't easy.  They'll definitely actually make you think, but that's what you should be doing in college anyway, you know.  He's great!
                
                   I had this professor for 5 semesters of various classes ranging from french to philosophy. He assigns large amounts of reading that you must complete before class. If you don't then you will be lost throughout the semester. You must be a serious independent student. You teach yourself mostly.
                
                   The class is difficult, but there is a lot of practice in class
                
                   Good professor to take if you like things laid out and in order, but not very spontaneous as far as projects. Basically all participation grades taken on class discussions- so be sure and read the chapter assignments! Makes you feel like your comment is valid even if you're just talking out your ass
                
                   He talks a lot and is very funny.  Class is easy to go to, and you learn so much.
                
                   This guy tells plenty of entertaining stories during class. He's very knowledgeable and pretty interesting. Sometimes he asks off-the-wall questions on his exams that can really drag down your grade.
                
                   Sit in front row.  He refuses to wear the microphone in an auditorium built for a capacity of about 400 students.  When asked to speak up he refuses but tells you to move to the front row.  DON'T listen to what you are told about being raised a full letter grade by participating and showing up for all of the labs -- FALSE.  Read the syllabus only!
                
                   The class is not really hard, it's just the way the grades are structured that makes the class seem difficult. There are two essays that he grades very strictly and then a final and a midterm that are very easy. Dr. Raymond will help with any questions if you ask but it's just really important to read the material that he assigns.
                
                   Very easy class. Go to lectures and labs, and then practice practice practice on your own and you will get the material. Labs offer a ton of help to succeed. Made a 100 in the class, highly suggest taking it over math. Dr. Raymond is awesome as well. I loved his lectures; he is absolutely brilliant and fun to listen to. 
                
                   There were four tests, including the final. There was up to 5 points in extra credit from attending labs. He takes the higher of the following two grades: 1) your average test grade plus bonus, 2) your grade on the final. Yes, you can fail every test but if you get an A on the final, then you get an A in the class.  Go to the labs!
                
                   Grades consist of 2 papers, which he graded strictly, and 2 tests, which were short answer, but very easy. Lectures were either slide or discussion based. His class was very disorganized and he didn't do a very good job explaining what we were supposed to do for the paper. He is pretty lenient though. Also, sit up close, he has a very quiet voice. 
                
                   Raymond is a very smart man, but his lectures are hard to follow, he easily becomes frustrated with you if you don't understand what he's saying. The class offers a lot of extra credit outside class, but lectures are just kinda confusing. His handwriting is awful too. Go to the SI sessions! They really help. But overall it's not hard to get an A! 
                
                   Class is interesting, but the material can be hard to follow. Professor is really cool and down to earth, and always willing to help. Lots of help in the labs but you have to be willing to practice the material outside of class. I would definitely take another one of his classes. He holds drop in sessions for extra help and cares about students.
                
                   You can tell that he loves the subject and sometimes will talk as if we all know what's going on, but he's such a nice guy. Reading the material is pretty crucial to understanding. The labs are literally perfect for help, Andrew Soto was my TA and he helped me SO much. Just pay attention and don't be afraid to ask questions and you'll be fine.
                
                   He never goes over new concepts during lecture but the lessons are super helpful if you're kind of confused or need extra help. The TAs do most of the actual teaching, but mine was really great! There is so much extra help available for this class.
                
                   Really difficult to follow. You learn more from the lab sessions
                
                   Excellent and extremely helpful professor. Explain with clarity and as long as one follows along with class and does the assingments and PRACTICES SUFFICIENTLY, they should do well in the class. Would definitely recommend no-one else. Very nice and friendly especially in office hours.
                
                   I learned everything by going to the Supplementary Instruction (SI) Tutoring provided for this class. The lectures were not helpful and but extra credit was often given for attending. The lab is very helpful to understanding and practicing the concepts.  Concepts are hard to grasp at first, but ended up being fun. I hate math, but loved this class.
                
                   Lectures are long and not helpful, but Menzel will give extra credit for those who go. 3 tests including the final. No homework or quizzes, just 1 lab a week. Do not buy the textbook, just print off the notes on his website. I am NOT a math person by any means but was able to get an A by going to 4.0 and go.
                
                   The class was harder than i expected, there are multiple ways to make an A but it is really really time consuming. Took it as a math substitute and it wasnt awful but not great either. If your gonna take logic take him and GO TO CLASS! HE GIVES EXTRA CREDIT
                
                   Took class as a sub for math, wish I would have just taken math. Lots of outside practice is required to make the grade you want but the TAs and SI are pretty helpful. Lectures are long, boring and make you want to sleep but he gives extra credit for showing up, so go as much as you can stand to. 
                
                   My favorite professor in college so far, by far. He stayed up the night before our final helping people out on the course facebook page until almost 2:00 am! He is really dedicated to helping his students understand the material and gives more than one opportunity to fix a not so fantastic grade. If you want to take this class, he is your guy. 
                
                   The content is difficult if you are not a math person. I was, so I got a near 100 for the class. For my peers it was a struggle because it turned words into equations. Weekly labs were just freebie 100s, counts as "4th exam". I grew to love doing the work, weirdly. If you practice, it becomes 2+2.  Never got the book. 
                
                   Dr. Menzel is probably one of the coolest professors I've taken. His laid back attitude makes the course enjoyable and even though it was my least favorite class , he was still my favorite prof. 
                
                   I would not buy a book for this class. Print off his notes from the logic website and GO TO CLASS! He even gives surprise extra credit for students who come to class. As long as you take the notes and use the webtutor regularly, this class should fairly easy. He is funny and nice, and tries to make a math class interesting.
                
                   This class was very difficult for me to understand, but Professor Menzel does a wonderful job at offering you all the help you need and gives a lot of extra credit opportunities. Make sure you go to lab every week & practice on the web tutor.
                
                   Very clear, very good teacher. Depends really on your TA whoever you get. This class can be really tough or really easy depending on how often you attend class. DO THE WEB TUTOR, IT HELPS BIG TIME!!!
                
                   Ben is a solid teacher who really knows his stuff. He has written books on his subject (which he never mentioned and doesn't require for the class) that helps to show his credibility. Clear and respectful lectures, even when approaching philosophy of religion.
                
                   Very interesting course and he is a good professor. The course requirements are clear and if you put in any effort at all you are sure to get at least a B!
                
                   To be in this man's class is to be in the presence of a rockstar in the world of Philosophy. I'm not kidding, look him up, He's a legend. Best professor on campus hands down Classes are only 25 people, and he makes it a point to get to know every single one of his students. A true teacher indeed. John J McDermott changed my life.
                
                   I believe that everyone should take a critical thinking philosophy class like this and professor McDermott is the best i've ever had. This type of online evaluation is against his personal ideologies so it's ironic to be writing about him on here. But if you're debating whether or not to take a class with him- do it, i certainly didn't regret it.
                
                   A philosopher in the truest sense of the word.  This man changed my life.  I am eternally indebted to McDermott. His students are very lucky. The world will only see the likes of McDermott just once. Catch him while you can.
                
                   Amazing Professor! His class should be REQUIRED for every student before they graduate... Life changing
                
                   Best class you can take during college. He is a legend.
                
                   Amazing
                
                   Everyone at A&M should want to take his class.
                
                   McDermott would disagree so much with this sort of online standardized reporting of his pedagogy.  But, listening to him lecture might just change your life.
                
                   This is the best professor I have ever had. He cares greatly about his students and is literally willing to do anything to help them. I was always able to text him when I had any doubts and he clearly answered all of them. There were 4 essays in the class and I made all 100s on them, but that was because I worked with him and he corrected me before
                
                   Dr. Carlson taught a good portion of this class while the assigned professor was out on medical leave. Lectures were engaging and made the material relatable. Most people in this class were non-majors but there was an excitement about coming to class because everyone knew they had something to contribute. Tests are easy if you go to class.
                
                   This was one of the most inspiring classes I took in college. Lecture-based with readings. Super interesting class discussions almost daily and no busy work - everything assigned has a purpose. Dr. Carlson sets up multiple ways to study for tests and will always answer questions and stay after. If he taught another class, I'd take it.
                
                   A great professor. The ONLY prof I've ever had who has built community in his class. I am the kind of student who normally skips, but I went for the community and for fun by the end. Does a short essaytestpaper combo to make sure no one gets screwed for being bad at one kind of assessment. He relates the material to relevant things.
                
                   He was really helpful both in and outside of class. Course work is very manageable and the content is interesting and i feel like everyone should be required to take ethics. I sought help for additional help on my final paper for the class in consideration of possibly publishing, he was tremendously helpful and willing to assist me any way possible
                
                   I had Carlso during the Summer of 2010. Four essays (two short - one page, and two long - two pages (all double spaced)) and two tests (48 questions EASY FORMAT! - MC and two short answer . HE DOES PROVIDE YOU WITH A STUDY GUIDE! If you don't go to class, you're fine. I went every day but you can get a good grade with just doing the study guide.
                
                   He has got to be the most genuinely nice person that I have ever met. He's very helpful and will sit and talk to you when he sees you outside of class. His lectures can get a bit boring, but they are perfect for the 3 papers assigned. I barely read at all and aced the class, the lectures are good. Easy A and great professor, strongly recommend.
                