
                   I have her last semester as a TA, very nice.
                
                   Betsy is a great teacher, and has a wonderful personality. And she is not bad to look at!
                
                   I really liked this class, you have to work for the grade! I had to rent a saddle for lab. You get to ride twice a week and there are about 10 different horses. You typically ride a different one every class period but sometimes you'll get the same multiple times. Trooper and Pickles where my favorite. Practicals can be hard depending on horse.
                
                   I didn't really enjoy the class. It was too easy for it to be honors in my opinion. Hardly any homework and she didn't grade assignments until the end of the year. I hated the lab, no work was required at all, the TA literally gave the answers during quizzes. Retained little to no information, good guest speakers and "field trips" though.
                
                   Took her for honors so attendance was necessary. Pretty easy class
                
                   No Comments
                
                   READ chapters in book ASAP. Need to read twice, or work old exams as you read. Tests are VERY subjective, check w/ your neighbors on grading. Essay & short answer tests. Try to pick an easy research project. It will help you later on.
                
                   Professor Frenzel is by far one of my favorite professors. She gives an extreme amount of extra credit and makes class honestly quite enjoyable. Make sure to show up on days she hints that there will be pop quizzes, those do add up. Overall she is a great teacher and if you put in the basic amount of work, you should easily get an A.
                
                   Dr. Frenzel is awesome! Decently easy class and interesting lectures. Gives plenty of opportunities for extra credit along with the 4 tests and an optional final if you have an A. Absolutely would take any class of hers in the future.
                
                   I loooooove Dr. Frenze! I took ansc 107 as an elective, and she made me actually enjoy the subject! She's engaging with the class and really cares about her students. She presents the information in an interesting way and had a good sense of humor. She also gives a ton of extra credit and her tests are so straightforward. Easy A.
                
                   great teacher, makes the class laugh. offers a lot of extra credit
                
                   Best professor I've ever had, extremely helpful and she actually cares about students learning. 11/10 if were being honest
                
                   Fantastic professor. She gives a ton of extra credit - please take advantage of this because at the end of the semester you may find yourself a couple points short of an A and she will not offer any more. Gives very detailed review session before tests and tests are not too tough. Has pop quizzes, but aren't too tough either. 10/10 recommend.
                
                   Dr. Frenzel is awesome. She gives a ton of extra credit opportunities, basically tells you what's going to be on the tests, tells you when pop quizzes will be, and makes lectures interesting. She always has funny stories to throw in too so they're not boring. She occasionally gives attendance checks that count for a quiz grade, so show up. 
                
                   She is so funny and her lectures are entertaining because she never hesitates to add her opinion in a light and humorous manner that spice up the lectures and draw you in. Very clear what is expected of you and offers many extra credit opportunities. You never go a class or conversation without a good laugh. Get to know her, she is a great person.
                
                   Dr. Frenzel tells lots of funny stories about her family and livestock experiences. There are pop quizzes, but she tells you before hand and gives all answers in class. She gives lots of extra credit and its easy points. As long as you go to class and reviews it should be an easy A.  Always willing to help inside and outside of class. 
                
                   She is extremely funny and tells you exactly what you need to know. She gives quite a bit of extra credit opportunities out and overall the class isn't very hard. I would definitely recommend her she keeps everything up to date.
                
                   Dr. Frenzel is so funny and really helpful. I dont know how anyone could not get an A in her class. She holds a review session before each test, GO to those and you essentially have an A or a high B. Buy the course pack and be prepared for pop quizzes (she normally hints at when those are and sometimes they're just based on attendance.) 
                
                   I would definitely take this class again.  Enjoyed going to lecture.  Easy A
                
                   Leslie was AMAZING! By far one of my favorite professors so far! She gives lots of extra credit so as long as you pay attention in class, you're bound to get an A. She tells you exactly what you need to know for the tests and hints when her next quiz will be (there were 10 pop quizzes total). Definitely buy the course packet! 
                
                   Mrs. Frenzel is an amazing professor. Very enthusiastic about the subject. Provides additional feedback and facts about the topic being learned, just because she is knowledgeable of the subject. Gives a TON of extra credit. Tests aren't hard, if you study. I would definitely recommend going to class, especially because it is just fun. 
                
                   I really liked her class. The "textbook" you need is more like a book of powerpoint slides, not expensive at all, but you'll definitely need it. Gives plenty of opportunities for extra credit. She's pretty funny and tries to make things relatable to what we know. Lots of vocab and memorization. If you have an A you DON'T have to take the final :D
                
                   Gives lots of extra credit and short pop quizzes. 
                
                   Mrs. Frenzel is by far one of the most helpful, down to Earth professors I have ever had. She gives tons of extra credit and is very straight to the point. Her lectures are very funny and she loves story telling, her pop quiz are very simple usually one or two questions. She does not try and confuse you. I look forward to taking her again! 
                
                   By far my favorite professor I've ever had. Makes learning fun and interesting while also effectively teaching the subject matter. Tests are easy if you study and optional final with perfect attendance. Wish I could take his class again!
                
                   The best professor I have ever taken! He is funny and teaches great. You will not be disappointed. All important slides are marked with a flying pig in the top corner of the PowerPoint
                
                   Dr. Holub is one of the best professors I have ever had! He is helpful without making you feel dumb! He is funny, polite, and kind. I would highly recommend him and his course to ANYONE, even if they are not an agriculture-related major. This is one of the few college courses I actually got something out of - as in, I use this information.
                
                   Favorite Prof. hands down. What other prof would bring a chicken, jersey cow, piglets, and goats into class?! TAKE THIS CLASS!
                
                   GREAT professor. Lots of opportunities for extra credit and he lets you know the exact material that is on the exams. He is very passionate about his profession and his students. Highly recommend taking his class!
                
                   Dr. Holub is my favorite professor so far at A&M. He makes class fun and is extremely helpful if you have question. He doesnt make you feel like an idiot if you dont know the material and helps you learn it. Do not buy the textbook just the note packet. Highly recommend.
                
                   AWESOME TEACHER!! He is such a great person that will go out of his way to help anyone who asks for it! Buy the book or share with a good friend like I did! He makes going to class so fun and gives you great ways to remember things! TAKE HIS CLASS!!!!!:)))
                
                   Amazing prof, ask for help if you need it and he will do all he can. Study what he tells you to and you will make an A. Don't skip class, his TA's take attendance every day. He makes the info fun and easy to remember! The text is inexpensive and useful too.
                
                   Great professor! He is very funny and enjoys making class interesting and fun. His class overall was easy as long as you attend class and purchase his book. Lots of opportunities for extra credit (up to 2 points on your final grade). Attendance is a MUST. The TA's record attendance every day.
                
                   Excellent professor! go to class and you will do good on your tests. The TA's are helpful and textbook is a must (it's more of a powerpoint textbook) gives a lot of extra credit!He's a Funny professor and even if it's not your major you will enjoy going to class :)
                
                   AWESOME PROF!!!! He was a great lecturer and as long as you study his notes you will get A's on tests! Lots of extra credit and his TA's are also very helpful!! Overall amazing class!
                
                   Great prof! Very nice and funny - class attendance is a MUST
                
                   Dr. Holub is a great teacher. He makes lecture fun so that you are sure to stay awake and remember the material. Don't buy the textbook - he basically tells you the questions on the test. You should def make an A in his class.
                
                   Great Guy! Notes Are a Must! Did not use textbook not once! Attendance really helped me....missed one and was pretty lost in notes. Got An A, go to reviews. Pretty cake class and He was Hilarious!
                
                   This professor teaches an excellent course full of solid basics. You don't have to have even been around an animal before to do well. He even brought a calf, sheep and lamb, piglet, chicken and goat into the lecture hall early in the semester!
                
                   Good professor, pretty funny guy. Gives alot of extra credit opportunity. Makes class interesting.
                
                   He's pretty cool...attendance is mandatory, his TA's will take photos that you are there and have a seating chart. He's also a freak about students not paying attn in class, you'll be counted absent. Study, don't take it as a blow off class and you'll do fine
                
                   He's awesome
                
                   Notes are in a note set from The Copy Center. Very clear in what he is going to put in test. Homework's are tricky and long, and make sure to do the extra credit homeworks! They help you with your final grade.
                
                   Not very difficult. Good notes.
                
                   Have to buy notes at Copy Cat.  Really study.  Tests are very tricky w/ wording. He LOVES 4 or 5 sentences that are worded tricky, and your are to decide HOW MANY sentences are correct/incorrect.  Optional final for 2 or less absences.
                
                    He has been gone for most of his lectures and has guest speakers that come in that dont teach anything. Teaches from videos that you take quizzes over instead of actually lecturing. Information from videos/powerpoints/book contradict each other and its hard to know which one he wants.  Test are extremely long. Must read textbook to pass.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Dr. Ramsey was a really great professor! Made it clear what was going to be on the test and kept lectures very interesting.
                
                   LOVED Dr. Ramsey!!! You will WANT to go to his classes because they are so interesting and you learn so much. His test and quizzes can be tricky so you have to study pretty hard and know the concepts for the test. However, he does offer extra credit and has review session that is a must to attend. TAKE HIM!!!
                
                   He's very unclear on what he will test. He holds review sessions: go to these. Go to class. Attendance is taken every day. If you have 100% attendance and have an A after the last test, you won't have to take the final. He's very respected by his students, and is willing to help you out if you make the effort too. 
                
                   Super easy A, might actually be impossible to fail. 
                
                   He's an awesome prof and emphasizes getting to know his students, tests aren't hard as long as you study and class is fun! But don't expect him to release you early or cancel class.
                
                   I loved Dr. Ramsey! He was an integral factor in me coming to A&M and was definitely a great teacher to have for my first semester. His lectures were interesting and he keeps you interested with his stories. I didn't have an Ag background and did well. Go to class because he has pop-quizzes nearly everyday. He reviews before every test.
                
                   Ramsey was a great professor! If you have an Ag background with animals you'll do great. If not its not hard, tests are generally pulled from lecture. Review sessions are held prior to tests so you'll pretty well know whats on the test as you walk in. FInal is optional with good attendance and if you hold an A around finals time.
                
                   Overall good professor and fairly easy class. You do cover some harder material, but he offered several reviews and encourages people to ask questions. He regularly gives quizzes, so if you don't come to class they can hurt your grade as he won't allow make ups. The quizzes are easy. Just show up and you will do fine.  
                
                   He really is interested in helping out his students. If you have any questions or feel lost, he is so easy to talk to. 
                
                   Dr. Ramsey is awesome, keeps you interested, tells funny stories and really and truly cares about his students and actually wants to get to know them. If you are in the department of animal science it will be a privelege for you to take his class.
                
                   Dr. Riggs is one of the best profs I've ever had.  The class is interesting and you can tell that she cares about her students and wants them to do well in the class.  If you are willing to do the reading and show up for class you will do fine. Take this class if it is an option for you or take Dr. Riggs for any other class if possible.
                
                   He really engages the class,  even during a morning class I found myself interested.  If he goes off on a tangent it's to tell a funny/interesting story he found relevant in some way and he always gets back on track.
                
                   Probably my favorite professor at TAMU. Dr. Savell loves what he teaches and cares about his students. His tests are easy if you study, and you even have the chance to retake tests in future semesters to retroactively boost your grade. The only thing is that he loves to tell (not always applicable) stories, so he goes on a lot of tangents.
                
                   Very informed. Cares aboout his students
                
                   Dress warm! Tests are fairly easy if you study.
                
                   Very fun class to attend. Tests are fair. Able to retake tests in later semesters. Optional final for no absenses.
                
                   Optional final for NO absences.  Pretty easy tests, he love MC from a word bank.  Lab learned a lot.  DRESS WARM in Rosenthal.
                
                   Dr. Satterfield is incredibly knowledgable, and is one of those professors you just feel lucky to get to learn from. His tests have little multiple choice and are mostly short answer to test your understanding of material, and not purely just memorization. Don't just memorize, but understand how things work. NEVER ask what will be on exams. 
                
                   This professor is very knowledgeable in his field. His tests are very difficult - as in he asks broad questions, but wants a very specific answer. He has a tendency to be rude, and becomes defensive easily. Did I learn a lot? Yes. Does my grade reflect that? No. I am happy I passed, and am happy to move on.
                
                   This course is interesting, but very challenging. My grade in the course does not reflect the amount of knowledge I gained.
                
                   Show up for this class and you will pass (seriously attendance is the majority of the grade). Turn in 2 assignments and the beginning of the year and take a final at the end. Easiest A ever.
                
                   Attendance is a quiz grade every week. The class is only 50 minutes so just go. There are only a couple assignments and they're easy. He gives you all the notes you need for the final so don't worry about taking notes. I wish I could take this class every semester. 
                
                   Has different lecturers come in every class. Has one test which is the final, very few grades but class attendance is the biggest one.
                
                   Class is an easy A he gives all the answers right before the quizzes which are weekly and tests are long but super easy.
                
                   Show up, do the work, and you'll make an A. Really just a class for getting information. 
                
                   Easiest class of my life. You have to go to class because at the end of every class there is a short 1-3 question quiz (which you can do with friends & he usually gives the answers to), attend ACE day, write a short paper, and plug info into a resume template. Final exam is his review word for word. Easy 100, learn a lot
                
                   You have a short quiz every class but it's not hard and it's only for attendance so you DO have to show up to class! If you somewhat listen to the guest speakers during class, go to ACE day (you'll figure out what that is) and write your reflection, and sort of study the final exam review you will pass this class with an easy A! Prof is very chill!
                
                   Provides you with many guest speakers to teach you about making good habits and learning opportunities within the university. Provides you with extra credit. You need to show up to class because there is a quiz everyday (Easy A).
                
                   Tough
                
                   No Comments
                
                   hes cool hes my dad
                
                   No book, posts powerpoints online Goes over everything that will be on the test. If you miss class, look over the powerpoint and you should be fine.   Class only offered in the fall.
                
                   Kelly is awesome!  Super considerate and just a cool person to know.
                
                   Kelly is awesome :) She made class a lot of fun and especially if you are in class you will get an A
                
                   Team taught with Dr. Miller.  Very helpful if you did not understand the material.  He would take the time to sit and explain it to you in a way that made sense.  First time to have a class with him, but would recommend to others.
                
                   He takes attendance every now and then. Tests are what he goes over in LECTURE, so attendance is helpful. Projects and paper is very thorough. Try to turn in early and get out of the way.
                
                   Great teacher. Read the book before each class and took detailed notes. Studied about 1-2 night prior to the test and made A's on all of them. Gives weekly quizzes over material lectured - open note. Optional final. Great prof.
                
                   He is extremly hard to hear in this class you must read the book and study old test in order to pass.
                
                   
                
                   Ms. Crossland is a PhD student so she has a large depth of knowledge over the topic she's teaching. Unfortunately, she can get a little bogged down in the details and the minutia, so if you don't have at least a minimal background in animal science, it can get confusing. Overall though, a wonderful course. It's better if she has a TA that semester.
                