
                   I thought he was a great professor. He managed to learn almost everyone's name in a 175+ lecture class, and he remembered what our interests were and what field we wanted to go into. He's one of those professors that you can tell really loves to teach and loves his students. I would definitely take another class from him.
                
                   tends to grandstand. he loves to tell you why he is right but lacks any true substance.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Petrick has been one of my favorite prof's. If you are thinking about majoring in Tourism Management he is the professor to take, he will make you love the major. I highly recommend him.
                
                   GREAT PROFESSOR! I took this class to see if I wanted to minor in RPTS,& Dr.J helped in the decision(which was yes). He knows his stuff & really cares about the students (as long as they're willing to work). If you ever need help finding a job in the field or if you just need someone to boost your confidence after bombing some test, he's your man.
                
                   Interesting class, cool guy!
                
                   he created his midterm with almost no relation to hospitality but what he said about himself.
                
                   Incredibly personable and helpful teacher. He is unlike any other professor on campus. He really takes a personal interest in each student. He makes the class insightful and interesting. I loved going every day.
                
                   Dr. Shafer is one of a kind. The guy is highly intelligent, yet humble. Wouldn't ever give you the impression you were anything less than a fellow human. This is guy who GETS it on a deep level. Mad respect for Dr. Shafer, all around.
                
                   Awesome Professor. He grabs your attention and makes you passionate about the material. Very personable, helpful, and down to earth. He really knows his stuff, and is great at teaching.
                
                   The class is not hard, though the lectures can be somewhat confusing.  If you read the book, it's not hard to get a good grade.  Attendance is mandatory because there are grades for clicker questions every day.
                
                   I personally loved her class. She's not an expert on the subject, but she follows the book very closely. Coming to lecture is a must because she does class participation and quiz clicker questions, but they aren't hard in the least if you read your book.
                
                   Nice prof, but sometimes the lectures are boring. Uses the clicker for quizzes. Not too hard of a class if you read the book.
                
                   Tests were decent, went straight from slides. Class attendance is necessary as some of the test questions were mentioned only in class. Book really is not necessary, puts everything on slides. Do have to study if you want to make an A. Papers were easy!
                
                   Crompton is an extremely difficult class but by far my favorite class I've taken in my college career. He expects so much from his students and wants to see you succeed not only in his class but in life. Take this class. I promise you will not regret it. 
                
                   BEST Prof I have ever had. You learn more about RPTS, life and yourself that you ever thought you would. He is a MUST TAKE at TAMU... really invests in each student.. It is a challenging course, but so very worth it!!
                
                   Best undergrad class I took.  By far.
                
                   Crompton is a great teacher!  You will learn more than you think you would.  He has an interest in his students.  Don't cop out and take Rossman.  Take the challenge.  It's a right of passage to be a true RPTSer
                
                   Amazing Professor.  Very passionate about what he does.  Take his class if you want to see what you're made of.
                