
                   If you want an easy grade, then take Mrs. Amos.  If you want to learn Spanish, then look elsewhere.
                
                   I love Mrs. Amos! She is super funny and she knows her stuff. She can sometimes be a little scatterbrained but she is really personable. Great teacher.
                
                   Excellent course.   I graduated 5 years ago, and still have the passion to read Latin American literature thanks to this course.
                
                   Be aware of this class if you are not a native spanish speaker.
                
                   I loved Señora Davidson! She's definitely the way to go if you really want to learn Spanish. If you show a genuine interest in class, participate and show up, this class should be relatively easy.
                
                   Senora Davidson is a wonderful teacher. She knows whats she's teaching and how to teach it. However, she is a tough teacher. She's a hard test grader and you have to be prepared to pass. If you want to actually LEARN Spanish though, she is the way to go.
                
                   Señora Davidson, though a tough teacher, does give helpful tools throughout her lessons to aid students. Im currently still in her beginning Spanish 1411 class, but it's been educational, and hopefully I get an A.
                
                   I took both spanish 1 and 2 with her. I speak Spanish and there were still things that I learned in her classes. Her tests are not easy. You have to take good notes and do all the work to pass the class, she will not just give you the grade. But she makes the class fun and that's important. She was by far one of my favorite professors.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Senora Davidson is so much fun!! She sings to help you remember the words! She's really hard, but also really helpful and willing to help you whenever! I loved both Spanish 1 and 2 with her
                
                   Horrible
                
                   Tough grader!  As long as you study and pay attention in class you will do fine.  She is goofy and likes to laugh.  She wants you to do well but makes you work for it.
                
                   Horrible teacher, unless you are her favorite, she will treat you like crap. Can't teach and you won't learn anything from her!!
                
                   If you like sucking up and doing second grade style worksheets, she's GREAT. Also, she has a mullet. Not a full fledged one, but she's working on it. FYI, she will cut you no slack on grades.
                
                   I loved this class so much. Professor Reynolds is fluent, has experience living in Spanish-speaking countries, and is very passionate about his job. He is very strict on attendance and participation, you have online homework, and the tests are easy if you just study, do homework, and participate a lot. I looked forward to it every time I went!
                
                   Awesome teacher, great guy!
                
                   sweet professor
                
                   He is a good teacher.  You can learn alot just by listening to him.  You have to work hard, but that is true for most language classes I think.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Very good teacher. Took a personal interest in my learning! Very pretty as well!!
                
                   This instructor is not bad but she could be better if she focused on the students and their needs.  She seems to be too engaged in other things and brags about all her other duties here and there. Take someone else if you can.
                
                   No comments.
                
                   Good teacher but a bit unorganized.
                
                   I had him for Fren 201, and he was great! Made an A! I'm about to take him again for French Composition. He's a good professor!
                
                   Professor Schoolcraft is an entertaining professor and teaches French very well. The large number of tests, quizzes, compositions, and homework grades in the class I took definitely made it easier to get the grade I wanted. Most important thing I learned: keep up with the homework! It's an easy way to make a good grade.
                
                   Dr. Schoolcraft was the best French teacher I ever had.  He is passionate about his field and doesn't make his students fit into some pigeon-holed curriculum.
                
                   Funny teacher. Teaches very well. Tests are simple but he grades grammar very critically. Book homework due every class. Two exams. Chapter quizzes. Two essays.
                
                   Awesome professor, one of my absolute favorites at A&M! He's really interested in his work. He always takes out from his own time to not only help students, but show an interest in their academic career!
                
                   I can't help but laugh at the guy who commented that Ralph likes to praise A&amp;M.  If he could be anywhere else, he would be - anytime he tries to do something to help students, the university shoots him down.  This guy is genuine: he loves what he does.  Try being passionate about something like French in an environment like College Station, TX.  It is because of his efforts (creating exchange programs, creating scholarships) that I am where I am today.
                
                   good guy.
                
                   Only language prof I ever had who would stop and take the time to explain concepts IN ENGLISH... is a bit arrogant but is less demanding and more entertaining than any other French prof.
                
                   This is a horrible professor. He is so arrogant, that it makes it hard to even listen to him. He loves to praise A&M and put down other universities with no reason. Forget him, and take another French prof, please!
                
                   He teaches upperlevel french classes and 201 and 202. He's an excellent teacher!
                
                   Frau DeVega is my German professor at TAMU-Commerce, and I love her! She is helpful, clear in explaining, and connects with the student's. If you want to take German, consider taking her class! It's excellent!
                
                   Great teacher, great class, would take again
                
                   Dr. Gironzetti is really interesting, which is really needed in a class from 4:30-7:15 in the evening. She doesn't believe in quizzes or tests so we never have any. We have homework due every week, but it's easy. She does have two big projects that total to 75% of your grade but they're easy. Overall she's an awesome professor. 
                
                   This has been the toughest class I have every taken!  He does teach right out of the book but does not explain anything in detail.  I am a spanish speaker but I do not have his fluency nor am I from Spain.  He will embarrass you in front of everyone if you do something incorrect.  I have emailed several times during the semester with no response.
                
                   I liked his class a lot. He was very easy to understand and he spoke a lot of Spanish, but he clarified in English.  I really looked forward to going to his class and I learned a lot from it. He is definitely the best Spanish teacher I've ever taken, and he's actually from Spain.
                
                   Took Latin American Cuture and Civilization. Great proffesor, very challenging and will only demmand your best effort. You will definitively learn from him
                
                   Hervass is horrible. Who ever wrote that he is cute and that he is a good teacher must be on something. Worst professor in the history. Stay away unless you want to be treated like a 10 year old.
                
                   I love his beard!
                
                   I like his class. He is cute.
                
                   I think he is very good. I liked his class and learned a lot.
                
                   The worst professor ever in the entire history of A&M-Commerce. He likes to argue with students and make them feel like they're not worth studying Spanish. He's arrogant and his teaching style is based on really old techniques, probably those implemented under the Franco regime in Spain. Don't take him!
                
                   He is not a good &quot;teacher&quot;.  He just reads straight out of the book but never takes the time to explain information.  He will help you if you ask him.  His accent is difficult to understand but after the first few weeks you kind of get used to it.  Be ready to study on your own time.
                
                   horrible...teaches straight from the book and his accent is completely hard to understand
                
                   He thinks he is teaching High School, makes a big deal out of everything and calls you after class and stuff (HS style) If you are a talker limit yourself to participate 1 time every class.
                
                   I took SPA 332 with this teacher.  She spent most of her time talking about herself and her problems sleeping.  Not much teaching. Not very smart teacher and likes to talk about other teachers in the classroom.  I got a C and it was my fault, though. 
                
                   Good teacher. He makes Spanish fun and has a great attitude towards teaching. Too bad he is no longer at A&M-Commerce.
                
                   Love when the hair is tousled and the glasses are off. Look at me some more gorgeous. I could listen to you talk about whatever all day.
                
                   Awesome teacher!
                
                   Shelly Smartt is one of the best Spanish teachers. I had her for my first Spanish class. I wish she was still teaching.
                
                   Extremely difficult class. It was very hard to grasp what she was teaching. She is rude to her students. If you ask her for help, she will make fun of you.
                
                   She's a good teacher. It was kind of weird having a non-native teacher but she new her stuff and was very helpful in helping me understand the information.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Dr. White is a great professor. He made the layout of the class very easy. Consisted of three exams which where all take home. My advice is that you write as much information as possible for each question. Usually about 8-12 questions per exam. The Final was an option between a presentation, take home exam, or paper. Highly Recommend
                
                   She's great. Overall, she expects you homework to be done before each class if you don't understand she will be happy to explain. A lot of group discussion and cares about everyone's opinion. Understands personal problems and will work with you.
                
                   Mr Hernandez is very friendly and funny. He makes things very easy to understand, and as long as you participate to see what you get right and wrong, I am sure you'll pass. 
                
                   he is really helpful, i was afraid to take the class since im not too key on another language but his class was helpful and fun to learn, he really helps you and you also have to take a lab with 1311.
                
                   He's a really dedicated teacher and if you struggle in Spanish like I did, he has no problem helping you out. He ALWAYS helps out his own. Remember that.
                
                   The absolute best teacher I have ever had! Loves to teach and it shows in his enthauism. I would recommend it to all who wish to take beginning spanish, extremely hilarious. I wish all pfoffessors taught with his compassion and will
                
                   He is very picky and gets annoyed really fast. His class is easy for native speakers, he mainly gears it for newcommers to Spanish.
                
                   Sra. Mata is a wonderful professor and works with her students every step of the way. She is very helpful and understanding! By far on of my favorite professors.
                
                   very helpful professor, will go through every steps on the essay.
                
                   Snr Mata is a wonderful teacher she tutors, she will bend over backwards to help you learn, her class is fun she makes it very interesting
                
                   Sra. Mata is a great teacher!  She is very kind and has helpful tips to remember some of the content.  She has great insight on whether the students are grasping the concept or not.  If she thinks you are not she stops and gets to the root of the problem and helps you understand.   Or does her best trying!  Take her!
                
                   Great teacher! She's really awesome and one of the best spanish teachers I have ever had!! Everyone get her! You won't regret it!
                
                   Very helpful. If you don't understand something she will help you without giving attitude. She teaches very well and makes sure that you understand before she moves on. She is Recommended!!
                
                   EXCELLEN TEACHER
                
                   GET HER!!!! Awesome Teacher, She Is Very Helpful And Understanding! Just Ask And You Will Receive An Answer! Hard To Fail You have To Try To Fail, To Fail! She Is Very Detailed When Teaching And Makes Sure Everyone Is On The Same Level Before She Moves On To The Next Lesson. She Feels Like She Teaches Fast But Really She Takes Her Time!
                
                   Dr. Ortiz is wonderful! She's easily the most patient and friendly instructor I've had here at TAMUCC. I've never had too much trouble with Spanish, but many of my friends have and all of them are as equally a fan of her as I! If you need to take a foreign language class but are worried about it...Cristins is the way to go!
                
                   It's hard for me to really rate Dr. Ortiz based on what I learned due to me coming into the class knowing most of what we covered in class--but she does take care in taking time to cover the material and making sure everybody understands what she is talking about before moving on. She has a vibrant personality and a joy to take a class with!
                
                   Her finals suck. She is late to class everyday. It's like her mind is in a jumble. I can assure you that I will never take her class again, and if you're smart don't take her either. I don't know how she is still working at this school. I didn't learn anything. Her drop rate is high also.
                
                   I have never in my WHOLE ENTIRE life had a professor as disorganization as she is. She never checks her emails, she doesn't give grades on time. Yes she is fun, but being fun is not going to make me an A in the class. I NEED TO KNOW MY GRADE!She is horrible at grading, I PROMISE! I like her as a person, but as a teacher? NOOOOOOOOO Do not take her.
                
                   She makes class fun! She has a great sense of humor and as long as you go to class it is an easy A.
                
                   I am hoping to be able to speak un poco español by the time I get done in the spring!  She is very helpful and does not give you a chance to give up.  For the first time trying to learn a foreign language, I can finally pronounce the words because she relates it to english in a way that makes it easy.
                
                   She is very enthusiastic and friendly! It doesn't matter where you sit, she calls on everyone; be prepared to speak Spanish!
                
                   one of the most intelligent prof i've ever had.  he instilled in me the love of literature as every lit prof should.  he's a valuable asset to the univ.
                
                   Dr. Rosales is one of the nicest profs ever! He's very friendly and smiley all the time, and really loves literature! However, this is not an &quot;easy&quot; class. There is heavy reading, 4 mini-essays, one major essay, one oral presentation, 2-3 tests, and one final exam. He is so nice and helpful, and can make literature interesting. Great teacher!
                
                   Mrs. Solis is an absolutely wonderful teacher. She is so patient and really cares about her students learning the material. If there is anything you are confused about she will take extra time to help you. She is one of the best professors I have ever had!
                
                   Dr Villareal is extremely passionate in teaching Spanish. He very friendly, funny and  makes everything clear for you. He makes everyone participate because he sees that as one of the best ways of learning. If you want to actually LEARN Spanish, take him.
                
                   This guy is in love with teaching spanish, so he of course is great at his job. He knows that many of his students will be hesitant towards the subject, but he makes the environment laid back and inclusive. he's crazy energetic and loves to get the students involved, so be prepared for participation points... even if you think you are shy 
                
                   Teaches Spanish with ease. He goes fast, so make sure that you do the homework and read the book. In fact, it helps to bring the book to class. He is always open to helping you and has a good vibe during his lectures. Highly recommend him if you are going to take Spanish.
                
                   Dr. V is a great spanish teacher! his test are hard, but if you do the work and come to class and PARTICIPATE you will be fine!
                
                   SUCH AN AWESOME PROF! He is so helpful, he really cares about his students!
                
                   i'm currently taking his class and let me just say, YOU DEFINITELY WANT TO HAVE HIM AS YOUR PROFESOR
                
                   This is one of my all time favorite professors!  Funny, enthusiastic, and knowledgable.  But, just because he is funny doesn't mean that you can take his tests for granted, they are tough.  You do have to earn the grades, there is no handouts!
                
                   Absolutely fantastic. One of my favorite professors. Very energetic, if you do the homework, pay attention and study, you will learn a lot and the tests will be easy.
                
                   AWESOME TEACHER! IF YOU ARE WARY ABOUT TAKING SPAN, HE IS PERFECT!! I DEFINITELY RECOMMEND HIM.
                
                   GREAT PROFESSOR!!!Has carisma and makes every class interesting and fun. Best Spanish professor at this university. His test can be hard but if you study you will do just fine.Gives EASY Bonus on every test. Took him for Span 3302,3311, 3303,4320 and 4327 and made an A in all clases. As long as you show up to class and show interest you will pass!!
                
                   GREAT PROFESSOR, HE IS FUN AND MAKES CLASS A GOOD LEARNING EXPERIENCE.  I RECOMMEND HIM FOR ANY SPANISH CLASSES.  YOU WILL HAVE A LAB EACH WEEK, BUT THEY ARE FUN ALSO
                
                   He is one of my fav. profs. Very funny, energetic, upbeat, friendly, teaches very well. Makes class interesting and fun. Watch out for his tests, though. You really have to pay attention and study for them. Remember, he's a linguist, so he really knows his stuff and expects you to learn yours well. Awesome teacher!
                
                   Easy class, pretty interesting.
                
                   Necesitio oxigeno...after he found a wallet with what he thought was real money in class...instead he found fake cash...Ha, Ha...I wonder who put that there.
                
                   I love Sra. Bell. She is really funny and really loves language and studying different cultures. If you actually get to know her you will find that she wants her students to succeed and if you are polite and respectful i.e always do your homework, give her your full attention when she is talking, and show up for class, you will do well and like her
                
                   Professor Bell is challenging. Make sure to attend class as the point she gives for attendance adds to your grade.  She does get an attitude sometimes but she is a respectable person. She does give extra credit also for the class which can help. if you try hard you can get a B easy.
                
                   This teacher is rude. She is not helpful when a student is in need. She is very knowledgeable of spanish but is not a nice person. I was really interested in taking spanish until I encountered this teacher, I never want to take spanish EVER again. DO NOT TAKE THIS TEACHER!!
                
                   Her classes and test are relatively easy. However, you will be bored out of your mind. Shes has 2 hours and fifteen minutes to teach this course and she uses it all. If you are absent she takes 3 points off your final average, if you're tardy/ leave early 2. Her grading system is entirely based on attendance. Cause if she didnt, no one would come.
                
                   good teacher. i wish she was teaching 2311 and 2312.
                
                   Nice teacher, but she doesn't cut you any slack. No excuses. You have to earn your grade in this class. She was better than the other teachers for this class (I know because I failed the class with a different teacher a year before).
                
                   Mrs. Ayala was a very nice professor. She made us do work though. But I think that everyone understood more spanish after the class was finished. She's better than the professor I had for the first class. I told my sister to take her for the class but she told me that Mrs. Ayala isn't there any more. The new profesora she had this year was horribl
                
                   I wish she was teaching spanish 2301 and 2302. She was the best spanish teacher in the department.
                
                   good instructer
                
                   this was a good spanish teacher. is she teaching any more&#63; if you have heard that she will, please let me know on this board.
                
                   Good lady. I learned alot, and had a good time. Not too much work, either.
                
                   She is a very kind and nice professor. She has an accent, but she is a spanish professor. I think that spanish speakers have that in common. If you do your work, you will do well. I learned alot. All in all, she is worth taking again.
                
                   It was hard to understand her accent.  She was very difficult and even asking for help it was still hard for me to undertsand her.
                
                   One of the best in school. A little difficult, but you actually learn from this prof.
                
                   Will she be teaching again&#63; I will take her class if possible.
                
                   i wish that she taught 1312 or the 2311 and 2312.  i learned alot of spanish, even though she is very strict and not too easy.  she was very helpful though.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   i thought spanish was going to be harder. miss Ayala has done good teaching it.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   GREAT PROFESSOR! SHE HELPED ME ALOT! SHE IS SUCH A NICE LADY!
                
                   Very nice lady.  Highly recommended!  I learned alot of Spanish by taking her class!
                
                   She's a cool little lady. She cracks me up. She's nice and likes to talk. I like her.
                
                   She is awesome. She speaks a little fast sometimes...so you need to be pretty comfortable with spanish to keep up. She is very kind and understanding. Got an A.
                
                   had Senora for 3/4 spaish classes. Ay! time for a quizzy-quiz! She's hilarious.
                
                   Ms. Cypher has made my semester very exciting and fun.  I enjoyed her class very much and I am so glad I chose her as my teacher for Spanish this semester.  She was inviting and made us feel motivated to learn.
                
                   This professor is very nice and friendly!  Sometimes her class can be dificult but if you study and don't miss class you will do fine.  Most of the time, her class is funny and interesting.
                
                   It was a disaster. She never help me out in my research. I did everything by myself. No guidance at all. She just approve my research without reading the research. Zero professionalism.
                
                   I don't know why so many people don't seem to like her on this site. She's a great teacher. And she does not give 5 hours of homework. 1 maybe 1.5 at the most. And spanish is NOT my fortay. She takes the stress out of trying to learn a language.
                
                   She seems to think that her job is to teach us to love spanish culture, not to learn the spanish language. Just odd, her methods were strange.
                
                   Its too bad that this lady teaches here. Otherwise, there might be more spanish majors.  If you have to take her, look into taking Spanish at another school and transfer the grade.  Otherwise, you are in for a rough time. Her husband is not any better. :(
                
                   STAY AWAY FROM HER CLASS! TOO MUCH HOMEWORK! SHE REALLY DOESN'T UNDERSTAND THAT STUDENTS HAVE TO DO WORK IN OTHER CLASSES. AVOID HER!
                
                   This professor believes that she must make Spanish difficult for students in order for them to pass. I have never had more homework in any other class than her class. She overwhelms students with work. Sometimes, we were given over 5 hours of homework! :(
                
                   Dr. Johnson-Vela gives alot of homework, and her tests and quizzes are extremely difficult.  However, she is a good professor.  If you want an easy 'A', take someone else.  If you want to learn Spanish, she is a good choice!
                
                   AVOID! Johnson-Vela is not fair or impartial. She is moody and unkind to alot of students. She gives alot of work and doesn't understand how people cannot speak spanish. She is not a good professor at all.
                
                   This lady is cold.  She is difficult to understand, although she really likes spanish. If you are a non-native spanish speaker, do not take her class. She shows no mercy, and is not very personable. She has class favorites, and if you are not - OUCH!
                
                   This lady is not a good teacher.  Her grades are very confusing, and she puts her attitude into her grading.  Beware!
                
                   A lot of work- both homework and project-wise
                
                   He gets a bad rep mostly because he expects a lot from his students. Don't expect to be passive during lectures. He won't allow it. He asks questions to the most quiet ones so it's better for you to decide to participate. It's not hard. More like time-consuming (with the hw). But you WILL learn. Recommended if you want to learn and aren't lazy!
                
                   Everyone literally blessed me before I started taking Iniguez's summer course but really it's not extremely hard. If you're willing/open to learn it's easier than being the one constantly called on because you are stubborn.Honestly it's not as bad as everyone made it out to be.
                
                   I heard from many students that it was going to be a ton of work. It was, but hey I wanted to learn and the work paid off.
                
                   He's prepared. Lots of work (it's college) but you definitely learn in his class. Study, attend class, you'll do fine. The complainer's don't know what a serious college course is & they want Spanish taught in Eng.  He cares to teach & is the only one that keeps office hrs. The other Spanish Prof.'s don't care, are absent alot, & are disorganized.
                
                   He give lots and lots of homework
                
                   He gives a lot of unnecessary work. We had to make a poster family tree and perform a Spanish dialog in front of the class. Takes off points if acting is stiff, which is odd because I don?t remember this being an Acting class. Calls on people for answers. Gives a lot of Homework, but randomly grades only 5 of them. Tests are easy. Do not recommend.
                
                   This is a difficult teacher to take. He can teach you the language, but only if you are willing and capable of learning. If taking the class is just one of your requirements and you're not interested in actually learning: take another teacher or you will fail.
                
                   Mr. Marco is very nature person, he always helps all students. If you want to learn spanish, please take with him.
                
                   Professor Smith really helped me get a better grasp on Spanish. She is always there to help you if you need it, and she is always walking around the class assisting with any questions and is always glad to provide one on one help. The class is not fast paced so it's pretty easy to catch on to the lesson.
                
                   The class was very confused. He suppose to help us on how to write a research paper, but he just gave us lecture of different philosophers. We never had the right answer.
                
                   Dont take him...his homework are not as difficult as some say, but... he does not know how to explain himself and, talks about stuff nothing to do with the lecture. Its a pain!!
                
                   He always has study guides for tests & he is willing to help you with any problems you may have. In his class, he also tries to incorporate the culture of the language. He sometimes has a hard time simplifying grammar lessons & he does give a lot of homework, but he grades the homework understanding that you are still learning the language.
                
                   It is a pain. This is not a teacher, please!
                
                   He is not as bad as some say.  Show up for class and participate and you will pass.  If you don't, then why take the class in the first place.  No one said spanish would be easy.  I got an A in the class
                
                   Fair warning: This guy will sap all of your energy into Spanish. Not worth the effort! Take Spanish somewhere else if possible! Avoid his wife!
                
                   i suggest that you avoid this man at all cost! he is a terrible instructor, and he lacks any type of civility whatsoever. he needs to find another job, because teaching is just not his cup of tea. alot of work. little learning. 'nuff said.
                
                   She is very helpful and explains everything. If you have to take a foreign language class this one is highly recommended. However, there is a textbook you can either print it off or purchase the book. I personally just printed off the pages and did fine but you have to have the exercises with you every day for class. Homework is easy! 
                
                   BEST professor ever! Makes me wish this school had a french major rather than just a minor. She's extremely helpful and charming.
                
                   VERY RUDE. She will embarrass you in front of the class and she will make fun of you behind your back. If you don't show up for class she'll take that personal. Overall, it's an easy class if you buy the book and workbook.
                
                   Dr. Thomas is honestly one of the best teachers I have ever had. The class is easy money and you learn something other than &quot;donde estas el bano&#63;&quot;
                
                   She is an excellent professor and friend!
                
                   She is an excellent teacher, she knows her subject.
                
                   She comes from Spain,and she speaks very fast. She is a good person but sometimes; I can't understand because she speaks Spanish very different.
                
                   He speaks very fast but he is an outgoing person!
                
                   Worse class ever, gave no idea what would be on the test, took weeks to give back work and grades, non communicative and standoffish when questioned. Worse test format all questions with long elaborate answers. No extra credit given of any sort. Things were on the tests that were not discussed or explained in class. High stress level all semester.
                
                   Class seems disorganized but it isn't difficult. Lots of group discussions and some quizes. A major project, that is not difficult. She is very nice and willing to help. You get points for attendance.
                
                   Professor Menendez is very knowledgeable in bilingual education.  Was always more than willing to lend a hand with our assignments or even advise us as she is co-advisor to Christ Green.
                
                   a fantasic teacher.  she taught me so much about the language and it's subleties.  i would recommend her to anyone if they are ready to learn spanish.  martha gets an A-plus.
                
                   She's a very good teacher and she isn't extremely hard. She'll go over things with you until you understand.
                
                   She was born in Mexico, so she has an excellent grasp of the language. Sometimes there can be communication problems, but overall she is VERY willing to slow down and explain things, and is eager to help the student. Tests aren't overly difficult. Great teacher.
                
                   she is a very enthusiastic, and she makes her class fun. She is also very helpful. if you need Spa 232 I recommend her!!!
                
                   Dra. dos Santos dedicated 100% of her time to her classes and students. She was honest in all her relations with the school and her students.
                
                   She was hard to understand, intimidating and condescending at times. I had some spanish before this class, but she was hard on me too.  She actually seemed to favor the less experienced students in my class. She threatened to bring my grade down because of my participation, but I spoke up every day and only missed one day.
                
                   Bonnet uses shame as primary teaching tool. She has a chip on her shoulder and you can really see it in her class. Seems to hate men and life.
                
                   Professor does well with native speakers but not with begining spanish students. She kicks students of spanish decent in intoductory courses because she assumes they speak spanish when they don't. English is horrible. Briefly explains materials. Only advanced students do well in her class. BEWARE!!!
                
                   Very good teacher and professor. Would highly recommend. The tests are quite hard, but she grades very fairly. As everything that's assigned comes straight from the academic coordinator, you can't blame her for the sometimes difficult tests.
                
                   Fantastic professor! Has a genuine interest in the success of her students.  Though not easy, her classes are doable, and additional help is always available.
                
                   Professor Adams is the best professor I have ever had-the very definition of above and beyond I have taken a number of his courses in Japanese language and culture -fosters excitement and interest in his subjects-unwavering in his dedication to his students Is a profound impact on me and my college education-the very best of college professors.
                
                   My all time favorite teacher. He is playful, he teaches well, he offers a boat-load of extra credit, and when you finish 101 and 102 you can pass the first level of the JLPT (Japanese Fluency exam).
                