
                   This is by far the worst prof I have ever had.  I have been to three universities and this guy stinks.  Take finance from anyone else.
                
                   the worst teacher in WT. dont take his class. very rude, and doesnt care for his students. gread very unfearly and the tests are very hard
                
                   Very rude and impatient with the students.  Has trouble relating.  Teaches strictly from the book, and if you like to do lots and lots of formulas take his class.
                
                   he told the only 2 students that got 100 on the first test that they could still failed the class, that a very good teacher   NOT!!!!!!!!
                
                   ohhh my god, how bad can a teacher be!!!!!i hate myself for taking his class.!!!
                
                   His boss should sit in on his classes horible teacher
                
                   he is the worst teacher at WT. He told my class that if you turned in all homeworks and tried hard you would get a &quot;C&quot; in the class.  Two weeks later after I did all the homeworks(and I had 2 tutors), I got an &quot;F&quot; in the class.
                
                   Will ask you a questions and then berate you for your answer, whether right or not.
                
                   This was the worst class ive taken at wt.  I didn't learn anything.  But if you stick through it and survive, he'll probably give you a good grade.  (not worth it)
                
                   WTAMU should be embarrassed that they hired this person.  Horrible teacher, so unfair.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Great professor and excellent lectures. You really do learn so much from him throughout the semester and he makes it as student friendly as possible so that you can get the course work done. I have taken many other classes of his and I would hands down say he is the best professor I have ever had!
                
                   Awesome teacher, learned a lot and was not unreasonable workload. Fun teaching style.
                
                   I was NOT excited to take finance.  However, Professor Wang made the course interesting, applicable to the real world, humorous, and easy to understand.  I learned a lot without it being miserable!  She is also very responsive to email which was a huge plus during an accelerated 4 week course.
                
                   Just follow her videos to complete the homework. There are only two tests
                
                   Great teacher.
                
                   I love her class. Her slides are extremely helpful. They help you read the book easier. I still keep her slides. I have never kept slides from class after class was over. I strongly recommend you take her class.
                
                   She is ok, hard to understand but you can tell she tries hard to help u understand.
                
                   Guaging students level of comprehension on material is priority to this instructor.  Patient and maintains a flexible pace. Less task oriented.  Learning is priority.
                
                   I wouldn't take her in class again.
                
                   For the online class she records her lectures from the oncampus class. Then she uploaded them weeks later. Very poor quality videos that are long (1.5 hours). She uploaded many of the videos in a way that you have to stream them rather than download. Group projects were ridiculous, we had to make a video presentation, without ever meeting.
                
                   Professor Liu-Galpin is probably one of the best professors I have ever had. She is very knowledgeable about her teaching subject and is always willing to help.  Her instructions are clear. As long as you follow her plan, it is HARD NOT to get a decent grade.  Anyone who has a good attitude should do fine. The ones who don't are NOT too bright.
                
                   The is the WORST professor I have ever had at A&M.  She has no comprehension that us, the students, have no background in Finance.  She does not care.  If you have trouble on her tests, you're on you're own.  She is NOT go at teaching and she has an accent, which makes it hard to even understand her.
                
                   Exams come directly form practice problems that he gives the answers to. Don't bother studying the T & F.
                
                   Tests are straight from his practice problems. Do not go talk to him in his office because he will chew you up and spit you out with lots of attitude. Doesn't seem like he respects his students or have their best interest in mind. Easy class though. (you won't actually learn finance in this class, just how to memorize practice problems)
                
                   His tests are ridiculous. They are all fill in the blank and are confusing. If you don't have to take this class, don't waste your time and money.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   She is very nice and helpful.  If you study & ask questions in class or communicate with her through e-mail you will do fine.  I had her for Money, Banking and Financial Markets and she was great.  She is also very understanding.  My grandmother died and work sent me out of town a lot but I made a B because I communicated well with her and studied.
                
                   A wonderful human being.
                
                   Made a B, his exams are not difficult.  However, he can be.
                
                   Good overall, material was difficult but is there to help
                
                   He knows what he is talking about but doesnt express his knowledge in the best way. He is not helpful and rude.
                
                   He speeds thru chapters real fast. He has a good sense of humor and is happy. He sounds like the goffer on Winne the Pooh. I would take him again, he does help you with your degree plans. Lacks little bit in clarity but tries to force independent study.
                
                   Professor show's no respect what so ever to his students.  Dr. Avard, since he is knowledgeble, does not help out students more than he needs too.  He actually scares them away to do poorly on exams.  This is very cruel.  Please act like a normal teacher!
                
                   No Comments
                
                   If you have a choice look elsewhere.  He may have been good in the 70's.
                
                   How close to retirement is he&#63;
                
                   Bottom 25% of classes.  He does know his stuff but needs to communicate it better and take more time with students and faculty.  Schwiff and Funderburk are better in Econ.
                
                   Not very good.  I agree that Dr. S. is better
                
                   I wouldn't take him again.
                
                   I think he's a great teacher. He really really knows his stuff and everything going on around in addition. I would definitely take more classes with him if I were a Finance major.
                
                   I prefer Dr. Schwiff.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Dr. Avard's classes are difficult, but his grading system is more than fair. You must work to stay up, or you'll get left behind. His credentials are impeccable.
                
                   He's a good instructor. However, his classes is not interesting. There's not a lot of discussion going on.
                
                   I got an A, but I had to WORK for it. I like to work and not get easy grades, but this was insane. Prof insisted you attend 2 lectures per week, approx. 3 hrs in length each. He didn't like questions he thought you could answer yourself. You only have 48hrs to take exams so if you have a tough work sched stay away from him!
                
                   He is one of the best Professors I have come across in my career.He teaches the concepts, but doesn't spoonfeed. Hang around with him and you will be able to build a career in finance.
                
                   The test are very hard. He grades on a curve but I didn't answer about 12 questions on the first test and still got an A. This tells me the test is not realistic. He should scale down the test and make it where you can complete it instead of giving such a big curve. He is a very boring teacher and listening to him online is very hard.
                
                   I learned a lot from this guy. He is very enthusiastic at teaching and always welcome to  answer my questions. The exam is very difficult, but if you prepare well on all the material that he taught, you will be fine.
                
                   RUN!!! He's a nice guy BUT tests are very unfair & difficult. I'm ex-stockbroker & finance guy. I found this prof's teaching skills weak. Brags about class majority doing poor on 2 tests and always has to give curve.  Very frustrating and difficult! This is tough material and unfortunately if you aren't great at taking MP tests, you will struggle!
                
                   Prof knows the material very well and will apply it to real life and current events.  He loves to jump around all over the book so it is hard to keep up sometimes... Just listen to his recordings multiple times and know the all the calculations for the exam and you can get a B. Do the extra credit and you will be fine.the exams are hard but curved!
                
                   Very knowledgable professor. Treat students with respect and willing to provide help.
                
                   This professor's class is VERY HARD! He tells you over and over that it is not an easy class and that the test are hard. Take heed!!! Exams are longgggg...though he allows 3 hours...it is not enough.
                
                   I took this class online and learned so much.  Follow syllabus, attend ClassLive sessions and listen to lectures repeatedly.  He actually TEACHES what he wants you to know.  Tests were the hardest I've ever taken, but he is very fair in grading them.  I would definitely take him again.
                
                   Exams were completely ridiculous. 100 fill in the blanks with several blanks in one question and the bonus projects were very time consuming. His painfully long lectures were of no assistance to me, except for the bonus point. 2 exams, 2 bonus projects, and bonus points awarded for attending live online lectures.
                
                   I would pay attention to the warnings the prof. gives in the syllabus. If you are not a finance major, I do not recommend taking a course with this prof.  If you struggle with fill-in-the-blank exams, do not take this course with this professor. He provides little to no help and acts angry when you ask.  I do not recommend taking his course.
                
                   I got an A-I'm not disgruntled, just disappointed. Prof's guidance DID NOT match expectations. He should provide better direction on HW; or just use APLIA.com. Prof's fill-in-blank tests are intense & practically impossible for non-finance students. Do as many concept & quantitative &#63;'s as you can before exams. Do  ALL bonus projects!
                
                   Dr. Greehut brought Finance to life, and anyone who has taken a Finance class before knows how difficult that is. You will be doing yourself a favor if you take Finance with him. I am not saying its an easy A; I learned more in this class than I did in other classes where I got an A. I earned 85%  in his class and I am quite happy with it.
                
                   Professor Greenhut, in my opinion is a very difficult teacher. I do not recommend taking this class online if you're not a fin mjr or if it's not a strong pt. You only have 2 grades,midterm & final (both very difficult, 3 hrs long). In my opinion, he doesn't prepare you enough for exams. You're expected to learn most alone.
                
                   Couldn't recommend this professor more.  Very nice, and very helpful.  The project on Cash flows and NPV, IRR, WACC was very useful.  He really helped me understand something that was brand new to me.  I would take him again.
                
                   I just finished the class this semester. Dr. Greenhut is a very nice and patient professor. His explanation of course material is clear and detailed. Tests might be hard because questions are tricky, but he offers projects and quizzes for extra points. I'm not finance major, but I'm kind of interested in it now.
                
                   Class was difficult and a lot of work, but Dr. G is a ton of help. If you take it it online, go to the classlive sessions.  They are worth it.  One of the top 3 profs I've had at A&M.
                
                   I thought Dr. G was a good professor.  He was very knowledgable and presented the info well.
                
                   Professor Harness is great! He is the most helpful professor I have ever had in my 4 years of college. He goes above and beyond to help you if you put forth the effort. He challenges you to your fullest potential and I learned a lot from him. Definitely recommend him for any type of class he teaches! You won't regret picking Dr. H!
                
                   Dr. Harness is a great professor. The class consisted of weekly quizes and three exams. He has a combo of live lectures and prerecorded Youtube videos. These were awesome. He limited them to around 30 minutes each so you could watch a topic even if short on time. He cares, is easy to understand, and really enjoys his profession.
                
                   Dr. Harness did an incredible job keeping the class from being overwhelmed considering I took this over a 1 month summer session.  His live lectures are very helpful and he kept the material relevant to the "real" world most people are familiar with.  I would highly recommend taking some of his classes!  Good Luck!
                
                   I must give him credit for teaching me Time Value of Money using BA II Plus. I am an expert in that now. It took me 4 years to learn this! He is a nice prof. Do your readings and listen to his lectures. HOwever. I will point out this thing that he NEEDS to revise his slides every now and then. Other than that, great prof. Would recommend to anyone.
                
                   His tests is never easy. Always be prepared for a quiz. However, he delivers the information in a very clear and interesting way. I had a lot of fun learning from this great prof.
                
                   He worked with me.  One of the greatest professor I have had at Commerce.  Very helpful and very responsive.  Just try your best and you get a good grade from him.  He explains very detailed on his presentations.  I respect him very much.
                
                   I took this class online during the summer. I made an A and it was not too difficult to achieve. His teaching is clear and concise.
                
                   Great professor! I took him online and your grade comes from test only. His lectures are recorded and easy to listen to. He guides you on how to use your business calculator and is open to helping any student in need. I would recommend Dr.H to anyone!
                
                   I can't say enough positive things about Dr. Harness. Took this class online, and Dr. Harness was extremely helpful. His lectures are easy to follow, and you can listen to them as much as you like. It's hard material, but he makes it much easier. He teaches you to use the BA II Plus calculator. Take him for finance! Very highly recommended!
                
                   Great teacher, one of the best ones I have had at Commerce so far.  He is very detailed, and goes over material, if you have any other questions. Great professor to take, I would take him anytime.
                
                   Not an easy class BUT Dr. Harness is an excellent teacher. Used Aplia in 501 which is helpful and helps you understand the material better.  Rearranged my schedule to take him again for FIN 504.  Not using Aplia this time, but lectures are clear and consise.  Would definitely take him again.
                
                   Excellent professor. Very thorough and clear. You do have to work hard, but can watch his classlive 10 times if you don't get it right away
                
                   Pretty good
                
                   The material is hard for this class. Exams are hard but make sure you do well on quizzes and have a regular attendance in class. Dr. Harness is a good teacher. Pay close attention to exam review and anything he says about the exam. If you do all this, you can get very good grades.
                
                   Took online. Very good Prof. - knowledgeable, responsive, clear, & helpful. As others have stated, his Classlive lectures are excellent. For any TAMUC finance course (ex. 501, 504, 510) I recommend either Dr. Harness or Dr. Greenhut (also an excellent professor).
                
                   Harness' online lectures are some of the best I've attended. He uses eCollege extremely well and if you prepare for tests by completing assigned HW, you'll do fine. Watch his lectures! Easily the best FIN prof at Tamu-C.
                
                   Great class.  I took him online.  He made me feel like I was in class with his classlives.  He really makes sure you understand everything.  He teaches u to use BA plus II.
                
                   Hard class, but work hard and you will get an A.  He truly cares about his students.  Dr. Harness is one of the best professors Commerce has.
                
                   Pretty good professor.  I recommend him.
                
                   Dr. Harness' class was one of the best I've taken in the MBA.  He challenges you but his class is very manageable if you study and do the practice problems in the book.  The only thing I didn't like is that he doesn't excuse absences, even if they are work-related, which is a problem for working professionals.  He is really easy on the eyes though!
                
                   This course almost killed me (figuratively speaking).  The course is very demanding and the lectures (audiopowerpoint) are long (3 hrs  week).  The exams are hard unless you work the problems from the lecture and book.     She is a good lecturer and knows the material very well.  You need to read the book and listen to the lectures.
                
                   Dr. Hoe is very knowledgable.  To get a good grade , you will need to work the assigned problems until you understand it; just as you would do with any math related course.    She goes over all the homework problems in class. Still, The more you work, the more you understand. Repetition is the mother of skill. 
                
                   Celine (what she goes by) gives WANTS her students to get an A in her class. The biggest thing is that she gives a review for each test, and the actual test matches the review to a "T", so there are no surprises. You do the homework and review, then you will get an A in the class. Easiest A of grad school.
                
                   strictly follow the  PPT's  surely you will get an A 
                
                   Lectures are long, but are key to knowing what is on the exams.
                
                   Worst worst worst proffessor i have ever seen in my life. couldn't understand a word she said in the class. she says to email her if you need help, when you email her she goes, what did you do in the class? completely frustrating.
                
                   Good overall Professor but nothing further good. She is a great person in trying to communicate with you and help but she could not do that much and you could not understand that much
                
                   Nice professor and willing to help. Difficult to understand and grades come back very slowly if at all.
                
                   Dr. Hoe, is a wonderful professor that cares about her students and always willing to help. Make sure you take her quizzes seriously since it is a good platform for the exams. Very knowledgable about the topic and available to answer questions and responds to emails promptly. I am taking her again for FIN 571 again.
                
                   She is a good professor, but really cannot deliver the materials to her students. I hated her class so much becasue you barely understand something.
                
                   This professor was very helpful and provided you did all the assigned problems and took notes, you would have scored very high.
                
                   This class is not easy but can be easier when you put in the time, studying the text, working all the problems provided in the text as well as those given for extra reinforcement.  Dr Hoe was ALWAYS willing to answer questions to clarify the problems.  She made the class much easier when considering the material covered.
                
                   Dr.Hoe is a very nice professor. She is kind and willing to help the students. She sets very clear expectations from the beginning of the class. Just follow her recommendations per the syllabus and in-class lectures and you will be fine.
                
                   She is a nice, kind, and work hard professor.
                
                   Bad Professor he gets mad if you ask questions. NOT RECOMMENDED AT ALL!!!.
                
                   Nippani isn't bad , his lecture are actually half decent. The problem is that your grade is based off of three tests only, putting a lot of pressure to perform well on them. For anyone who doesn't have a math background, find someone to study with who knows their math. He strongly recommends for you to buy bus. calculator but I never used mine, 
                
                   You need to do your homework and problems from class. You will not pass otherwise.
                
                   Dr. Nippani's finance course was tough but he explained calculations in a way that made sense.  His tests were hard, but doing the practice problems in the book (he gives the solutions) and working problems during his lectures (not too long) provides enough practice to get a decent grade in the class.  His lectures are actually funny and enjoyable!
                
                   Dr. Nippani is a funny prof. although that sometimes gets on the way of his lectures as he will randomly wonder off on stories about when he was 5 years old. He has only exams no HW no extra credit. The exams are fair. not to easy but not to hard. the one advice I could give is make sure you do over and over the problems he does online. 
                
                   Dr. Nippani's class was well planned and executed for a summer course. For non-business/finance undergrads, this could be a bit challenging, otherwise it should be a perfect intro to the master's curriculum. 3 tests, no assignments and he gave reviews. Make sure to take notes from class, re-work the problems he did in class, and you'll get an A.
                
                   Dr. Nippani's class was well planned and executed for a summer course. For non-business/finance undergrads, this could be challenging, otherwise it should be a perfect intro to the master's curriculum. 3 tests, no assignments and he gave review sheets. Make sure to take notes from class, re-work the problems he did in class, and you'll get an A.
                
                   Very good instructor. Keeps class moving at a fast pace and challenges students to do better.
                
                   It is hard to believe that the people completing the surveys are graduate student.  This class is no different than any other online course.  If you can read and have an ounce of understanding you can pass this class.  You have to put in the work these professors are not here to spoon feed us.  You have to put in the work!!
                
                   Didn't do as well as I thought I would - then again, I took it during the summer.  Class Live lectures were way too long, but I liked how he went over some of the homework assignments in class.  Quizzes and exams were tough, especially the exams.  Also, it's a turn off when you email the professor and he misspells  your name when he responds...
                
                   Good professor to take. Took him over a 4 week summer session, very fast paced but if you do your reading, the exams are not bad. Had one quiz befor and after midterm and then the final. I definitely would take his class again
                
                   He provided detailed information in what is required. If your math skills are weak you should brush up before taking this class.
                
                   He is a very knowledgable professor, but he makes the class so hard. He doesnt teach a lot during class time, so baiscally you need to do you own study. I would take another professor if I were you.
                
                   Class is very hard. Nippani makes it even harder. If you have a choice go with another professor and skip Nippani.
                
                   Skip this professor if you can. He will not help you pass the class. He reminds you that you will fail. Hard Class & Bad Professor.. Not a good match.
                
                   The textbook is well written. Read it & solve the questions. Sri walks through problems in classlive with a BAII+ emulator, so he shows you exactly how to solve everything. But you need to do the work and put the time in. Finance profs get bad reviews because many MBA students are weak in math. Years of math aversion can't be corrected in 8 weeks.
                
                   I would not recommend this class with this instructor to anyone that does not have a finance background.  He speaks to everyone as if they are in the finance field.  Even with all of the studying, preparing, stress, I did not pass this course.  I will have to re-take with another professor for sure.
                
                   Hard class. Study the homework and you can pass. This class is basically self taught. Professor grades on a curve for final grade. Two tests and that's it.
                
                   Simply terrible.  
                
                   This professor was non-inspiring, arrogant, and generally not that helpful. One 1.5 hour classlive audio lecture per week. Prof seemed annoyed when students asked questions, and always expected graduate students to automatically know the answer. Heavy curve in class, but not if you want an A. 90-100=A, 70-90=B 60-70=C. Master the HW for test prep.
                
                   Content: Cengage Learning Powerpoints from 2012, chapter answers Word docs(questions in book), four sample exams. Course: Four multiple choice exams. No effort to modernize, provide quality material, or engage students. Old style online class unis are trying to move away from. Wikipedia is better. Syllabus is in COMIC SANS! I downloaded the book.
                
                   I did fine in Prof. Ognuc's class, but was hoping for that little curve that he mentioned at the beginning of the semester.  My end of year grade was like 89.3 and I was looking for that curve.  No harm no foul.  Prof. Ognuc was to the point and the test were bearable and the reading and studying time was not over the top.  Not bad.
                
                   I took FIN 501 in spring 2015 with Dr. Kurtay Ogunc. His course was well organized, and grading criteria was clear. Be prepared to read, and do the questions at the end of the chapter (he provides solutions to these). Also, review the practice exams that he provides and you will do fine.
                
                   Dr. Ogunc was an awesome professor. His background and Finance knowledge is very impressive. This class was a bit tough, mainly because there were a lot of unknowns but is understandable since it was the first offering. Do everything laid out in the syllabus & you will get an A. Go the extra mile and he'll be there for you if you need anything.
                
                   His exams are not  tough, if you practice the sample exams and listen to his lectures. 
                
                   Professor has slides, sample exams, and recorded lectures which are very helpful.  He's a little hard to understand on the recordings but it was still a very nice feature.  There are 3 exams and he gives you plenty of time to complete the exams.  Overall, it was a good course and fit in with my full time work schedule.
                
                   If you go to his class and take notes you should be fine. Although, he won't tell you what to expect on test but as long as you have taken notes you should be fine. He is very passionate about finance and gives you real life examples in his teaching. I really enjoyed his class.
                
                   Basic crash-course repeat of FIN501 and ACCT 525, with slightly more detail. Online course is very self-directed with only 3 grades.  Although test prep provisions are adequate, lost points often come down to concepts never covered and very hard to find.  Very nice and upbeat instructor, but doesn't seem interested in this course.
                
                   HARD!! I had him for 512 and 570 this semester. 512 is by far the toughest class I've ever had. You're on your own a lot, but Kurtay is more than willing to help you. He's a fair grader. He answers all my questions. He offers additional info from sources other than the text that really explanded my knowledge.
                
                   I have Dr. Kurtay for 570 and 512. 570 is easier! He gives you additional PDFs to read & practice exams to help. You do a lot on your own in both classes but he's always available to answer quesitons via email and he's very willing to help you out. He is a very fair grader, too.
                
                   VERY hard but more than fair grading. I took a 4 week summer web class--one of the hardest classes I have ever taken. There are no lectures and the only requirements are tests over every few chapters. To prepare requires teaching yourself and doing most (or all)of the practice problems in the book. He provides answers and is available via email.
                
                   The Best prof. ever ... I learned a lot for him .. hope that he stayed so I can take more classes with him :(
                
                   Excellent teacher, loves for students to read ahead of time and discuss the subject in class.  Enjoys tough questions and has lots of patience.
                
                   I have had this professor for both FIN 504 and FIN 512. In both classes, tests are brutal. The difference is, in FIN 504 he prepares you with practice tests and lectures that cover the more difficult problems. In FIN 512, you are on your own. No practice tests and he just reads from the book for lecture. Avoid him for FIN 512 if possible.
                
                   Funny and knowledgable professor. As long as you can keep up with his lecture, you will get good grade. Highly recommended!!
                
                   Took this for summer school.  It's all exams, no discussion (online).  One exam a week on 3 chapters--bootcamp!!  Wait to take this class with a light workload--requires lots of study and practice.  Prof was helpful though, and exams were fair.
                
                   Took this class online during a summer session.  Teacher was very knowledgable and helpful.  Test were open book, but not very easy.  You still have to read the chapters and work the practice problems or you will run out of time during the tests.  Really enjoyed the class and would recommend to anyone.
                
                   very knowlegeble instructor. tests are VERY difficult if you dont understand the calculations (30-40% calculations; 50-60% definitions/conceptual). really enjoyed the online class (WAY easier) if taken in the summer mini-sessions as he leaves out essay test questions (NOT EASY). good teacher, if you like finance! highly recommended, very helpful!
                
                   Summer course and very quantitative in nature.  The teacher Dr. Washer and Dr. Williams did there best to make it easy but the subject was hard.  One Month is just entirely to short for a course of this nature. Take the full term version of this course and you will do just fine. Teacher is Great!!
                
                   Great guy and even better teacher. Helpful and smart as a whip. Had him on the I-net during the summer be he was always available, material is HARD but he helps out a lot, and if hes not there, one of his GA's are. Good guy wants to get to know his students and help them succeed.
                
                   good professor, helpful and explains material EXCELLENT.  By far the best part of the class you will learn the material if you show up.
                
                   Best Finance teacher on campus
                
                   Washer is great - class was a bit unconventional, but he was approachable, always available, laidbk, & knowledgable.  Material isn't easy, but the format he's chosen,take home quizes,puts the grade in the students hands (yours to fail).  In class exams are TOUGH though-so take the quizes seriously.
                
                   Dr. Washer is okay!  He is a whole lot better than Dr. Shwiff and Dr. Avard.  I think he needs to be the head of the department.  The quizes help students better prepare for the class.  I think Dr. Shwiff's and Dr. Avard's classes should apply online quizes.
                
                   He is Hot! He is friendly to students! He is helpful! His quizes and exams are accomodated with his lecture.Taking his class, do the quiz on time, you will get A. Strongly recommended.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   He is an arrogant teacher.  Book knowledge no practical experience.  That will get you no where.  He talks about book and not about real life because he hasn't been there.  Wouldn't take him.
                
                   He blames the class when 2 out of 50 people pass his exam.  He is obviously the one with the problem when that happens.  His quizzes need to be a little easier.  Half of the questions weren't even in the book.
                
                   Alot of people dropped this class, but they shouldn't. Washer is a young guy, he is laid back and cool. He is 34 or so, for a Dr, he doesn't have a chip on shoulder or better than you complex, he is the best finance teacher.
                
                   Very good professor, he will help you with problems and he really do. the beginning will be hard but grades will be better and better at the end. I strongly recommend him. His elective classes are really easy and enjoyable by the way.
                
                   Really good.
                
                   Very Careful with this class test time is very less you have to finish 10questions in 20mins. Time is very less. Just every week test. Study hard to pass this test.
                
                   The online course is just a joke. He just tells you to take test and that's it. He does no discussion like other online professors do. Just pay the University and it's like take prometric exam. I should have studied myself and given prometric test to pass the class and transfer credits. Worst class I ever took.
                
                   He is a very nice teacher! Helpful and relax class! FINA3320 is much harder than his other classes. The reason why he make 3320 hard is to fit FINA 4310 which is really hard. After you take 4310, you will find Dr. Picou's 3320 is really easy!
                
                   NA
                
                   you will leave this class actually learning the material
                
                   It was very difficult. I took it over the summer, so it was intense. I suggest taking it during a full semester. Will move you during a test if you look around the room, because it looks like cheating.
                
                   It's a really tough course!! Make sure you trade daily and stay on top of the homework! It really helps! BEST OF LUCK!
                
                   Great guy/Tries to help you if you need it. He is hard to understand as he go's so fast.Asks us if there are any quesitons; no one answers, he assumes we know it, but we really just are spaced out and don't know what to ask. Golden rule to not assume the student knows what you are talking about. Other than that, good person.
                
                   Do the study questions, and be sure to get the calculator!!  (A little boring at times and will bring attention to you if you're sleeping!)
                
                   Challeging course.  Do test bank questions, They will help. Split them up with class mates, it eases the burden.
                
                   Such a great teacher and very sweet. She goes off the power points and her tests are very similar to the practice problems. She gives you points for trying on problems. I even missed a test on accident and she let me make it up. I love her. I wish she taught other classes.
                
                   Fair in grading and class is interesting but no review for exams and doesnt drop lowest grade for any exam so have to do good or semi good on all exams.
                
                   Good professor, always willing to help even with projects that do not concern his class. Just participate and try!
                
                   Stubborn professor.  Seems very self absorbed.  Has great knowledge of Finance but lacks the people element in teaching.
                
                   I had the best time in Mr. Mills' class last spring. I'm glad he stopped giving pop quizzes each week even though it made the main tests count more. I wish he taught more classes.
                
                   I loved Mr. Mills!  I wish he taught more finance classes.
                
                   I'm an accounting major but was undecided if I wanted to stay with it or switch to finance. Mr. Mills told many stories of his work experience. This actually made me change myajor to finance. He is a wonderful instructor and very helpful.
                
                   Excellent instructor. I enjoyed his stories about real life work experiences and appreciated his willingness to help!
                
                   I have to agree with the other student who has taken her. She is ridiculous in her grading of the tests, study guides do not match the tests and she has to learn how to teach the material better, probably cuz she is new does not have her own style yet. Also three points were what I needed and she could not give them Teaches asif finance is ur major
                
                   This teacher is very difficult.  I don?t recommend her at all.  Here test are long and over to much material.  I was lucky to pass her class with a ?C? and I had one of the highest grades.
                
                   Dr. Calafiore is an exceptional professor and I look forward to seeing him again next semester. He will go out of his way to make sure you are successful and pass his class. He will sit with you one on one and explain the material if you didn't get it during class. He is an excellent instructor and is highly respected by his students. 10/10 stars
                
                   He is patient caring helpful and gave extra credit and reviewed for tests This is not an easy class but he makes finance realisticYou must read the book before the lecture Ask a lot of questions to make sure you understood the concepts Practice lots of problems Time intensive class Dont skip He is an awesome person I would definitely take him again
                
                   Dr. Califiore is GREAT and RESPECTFUL! He clarifies everything! He makes the class fun and interactive. You have quite a bit of reading but the articles are interesting.
                
                   Smart Guy, interesting class, fair and professional.
                
                   He's good to look at. class is very demanding, difficult, and time consuming. He will work with you until you get it, nice guy, very intelligent, has an assistant and a tutor, does everything he can to help you understand and pass. This is a hard class and lots of homework.
                
                   Book provided on BlackBoard - don't know ISBN. Even though I marked 4 on easiness-this isn't a blow-off class. You must spend the time to do homework problems or you'll be left behind. Prof. Calafiore doesn't stop until the  questions end, which helps everyone in the long run. Great class.
                
                   I took this professor for Finance and International Finance. The work load is about average, and the professor covers all the key points you'll need to know for the test. The material is not easy to most people so you should read the chapter in advance. This isn't an "easy" class, but the professor does a great job making it "easier" to understand.
                
                   This was not even my professor.  I could not get anything learned from my professor so I went to Prof. Calafiore 2 get help.  He let me attend his classes & it really helped!  This guy is great!!!
                
                   One of the nicest and kindest professors I have ever taken.  You can tell he loves his job.
                
                   Awesome guy, and make the material fun. the materia is not easy at all but he will help you out to learn the material!!! AAA++++
                
                   Mr. Calafiore is an excellent professor. He is very helpful, very nice and funny. He will help with any problem you have. Definitely recommend!! This is not an easy course but he makes it fun.
                
                   Excellent professor will explain any problem you do not understand. He is very helpful. I recommend him.
                
                   He is a little to understand because he has an accent, but overall, he will help and clarify what you don't understand.
                
                   By far worst class I have ever taken Tests contain questions that you don't know the answers to until the next unit, so you better study unit I and II to take unit I test. He never posts the test on time and then says "I gave you plenty of time to begin with so I'm not extending the deadline" I'm taking 3 other online classes and have 80%+ his: 60%
                
                   Hard class, but worth it. If you want to learn this is the professor you should take. Will take this professor again in the future. READ THE BOOKS!!!!! 
                
                   Pretty straight forward class. Online discussion, a 5 page paper and a financial analysis of a company of your choice. One final exam. Nothing crazy, not really hard. Provides lecture videos. As long as you watch those and you do the work not a problem to get an A.
                
                   He explains concepts clearly and knows the material well. He is an excellent teacher and tries to make sure the students understand the information. Tests are hard but fair. Good teacher!
                
                   Material was not to hard to understand, but test are hard. You really need to study hard and get tutoring if you need it.
                
                   IT WAS HARD TO GET A TUTOR AND HELP FROM THE PROFESSOR BUT HE WAS A NICE GUY.
                
                   Dr. McNett is an old school accounting teacher and requires students to write out assignments to learn Intermediate Accounting. This is great because it allows students to practice problems prior to the test. You must read the book prior to the lectures in class so that you are aware of what is going on. Great Professor!!
                
                   This class was not too difficult . He follows the slides given to him by the makers of the textbook. The tests are difficult but he gives you writing assignments that help to counteract poor test scores. Great class and good teacher
                
                   Great teacher!  I learned a ton and I wish I could take him for other classes!
                
                   ATTEND LECTURE. He simplifies the book, which is difficult. This class is kinda hard. Over 50% of class failing. He will curve.
                
                   He is pretty easy. Still wants you to learn stuff though. He is FUNNY! its like taking a class from Will Smith. Very good teacher.
                
                   Great!  He breaks things down to everyday level so you can understand it.
                
                   You'll just love him! committed and worth having as a teacher!! 
                
                   I took his Fin 504 class over the summer. Very good professor and very clear lectures! Wants you to succeed. Very prompt with answering emails and questions (even the ones late in the evening). Willing to help in any way he can so you understand the topics.  It's your loss if you don't take a class from him at least once!
                
                   Had him in a few classes.  I like his lectures.  More homework would be nice..
                
                   Professor does not interact much with students
                
                   Prof. Gormus' lectures were spot on to what was going to be on the tests.  I read some at the beginning of the semester but preferred the lectures.  Took this class in Summer 2 and there were two tests and the average was your final grade.  Great professor made learning finance more like real world learning not book learning.
                
                   Three exams.  22 questions per exam. 90 to 100 minutes to complete one exam. Make sure you do and understand the provided practice questions and problems.  He provided solutions to the problems and explained how to solve it in his slides.  Listen to his amazing lectures and take a good notes because the concepts questions are from these lectures.
                
                   Take his class.  Dr. Gormus is the best professor.  His lectures are amazing.  I was looked forward for his lectures so I can learn how to invest for real.  Dr. Gormus provides concepts, tricks, warnings, and courage so you can do your own investment.  Total 3 exams. Practice questions and problems are provided. 
                
                   Dr. Gormus is the best professor in TAMU-C. THE BEST EVER :) 
                
                   YOU Must take him!!! He is AWESOME and the best.  
                
                   Dr. Gormus is a one of a kind professor. He is very passionate and will help you with anything you ask of him. He focuses on what you need to know and emphasizes that he wants you to put in the work and his class will be rewarding.   Derivatives can be daunting to some, but it was an easy class for me. Put in the work and you'll do just fine. 
                
                   the best I've ever seen in my academic career. He loves to teach students with real life examples. He respects his students a lot .
                
                   There is a reason he is rated as the top professor. He's wonderful and explains material which initially scared me extremely well. He really used real life examples and did not just read from the textbook as many teachers do. I wish he could teach every class at Texas A&M.
                
                   Very knowledgeable professor who cares that we do good. Very approachable and willing to help on any finance related topics including outside class material. Dr. Al takes his job very seriously. How many professors you know gives his cell phone number to the entire class to call any time??
                
                   I decided to do a masters in finance after I taking this class from him. Really good instructor. One of the best I've seen so far. He really loves his job and it shows. Always available to help.
                
                   The professor was great at presenting the material in way that made it very easy to understand and gave refreshers on past material. He was always willing to give more examples and material to help learn more. In my opinion, he has been the best professor I have had at A&M Commerce.
                
                   Great professor! Dr. Gormus explains everything very well and he makes sure everyone understands the topic before he goes to next one. He combines theory with real life investment experiences. Everyone should take at least one class from Dr. Gormus. You will not regret!!
                
                   Dr. Gormus seriously is one of the best professors I've had. He makes complicated information very easy to understand. He really cares that you learn and be successful. One of the most helpful I've seen.
                
                   I took Dr. Gormus's online class last semester and it was great. He can explain complicated material in a manner even a beginner can understand. His exams are fair and he prepares you for the exams well. Im glad I took his class.
                
                   Dr. Gormus was fair and flexible. He opened up the last 3 tests for us to take on our own time at any point before the semester ended, which was perfect for an online course. Tests are multiple choice which makes them a bit too easy for a Finance class, though you do get your grade as soon as you submit the test. Would recommend.
                
                   Great Professor, did online class, the subject is not easy. Tests were comprehensive. Online webinars covered subject. Recommend!!
                
                   Awesome and fun teacher. Very knowledgeable in his subject. Always willing to work with his students and answer any question.  He is always available through email and during his office times.  Learned alot.
                
                   Amazing prof easy to understand. Makes a hard subject seem easy. Need to read and practice dont skip homework. The book is only needed for homework. Will take again!!
                
                   Very very helpful, the material is difficult but he explains it well, gives pop quizzes but those are future test questions. Goes over homework often, plenty of opportunity for questions. Will take again!! Fills fast for a reason!!
                
                   Ive taken 2 of his classes now and will take any finance course I need with him, hes that good  
                
                   Great teacher. If you participate you will pass with at least a C, it's almost impossible not to. You get to drop you worst test which helps as well.
                
                   After having dropped this class last semester online, I decided to avoid the OTHER professor and take Dr. Lee. Two things I realized. 1) We actually have a great finance professor at TAMUCT! 2)I hate numbers but I still learned so much from this class.  All business majors have to take FINK301. So if you want to learn and pass, take Dr. Lee.
                
                   Finance is my least favorite subject, however this course was great. Read all her notes and use her examples for help. Online course but gave us option to attend her in class groups. Lots of extra credit opportunities. Would recommend Dr Kelly to all.
                
                   Dr. Kelly is very knowledgeable in finance and she absolutely LOVES the subject. It's not an easy A but she will help and guide you every step of the way (even when you're too shy to ask for clarification). I took FIN 500 before this class and learned more with her than I did in the intro course with Dr. Dyer (worst prof EVER). Take Kelly if poss.
                
                   Took Finance class online.  Very difficult class, but got through it.  Prof. was very helpful and available to answer questions.  Would have preferred to take class on site, but my schedule didn't allow.  Fair, but not easy.  Good teaching, and I did learn.  Not an easy &quot;A&quot;...you will have to work hard for it.
                
                   She is very knowledgeable in this field. Doesnt require you to come to class but she does know all her students and will know if you are there or not. She gives extra points for in class assignments. The exams and final exam was online and she gives you plenty of days to take the exams. I would recommend her to any student to take.
                
                   Do not miss class!! you miss out alot of material you need to learn for the class. Awesome guy!! class is easy if you attend to class!
                
                   Mr. Felan was awesome!! He gives you real world examples. His major requirement don't miss class other than that its a breeze to learn
                
                   Awesome!!!
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Just took her this summer 2012, she is a great teacher who is willing to help her students pass the course. Called her a couple of times on her cell phone to help out the team with the case, and she did, she revised it and told us what we needed to change before submission. Great teacher, recommend her :)
                
                   This professor is very knowledgeable in finance, but that doesn't make her a good teacher.  She gives quizzes before explaining the subject matter and after the quiz is over THEN she goes over the material and gives the homework for it.  Plus her accent is very difficult to understand. Overall I would NOT recommend her.
                
                   Shes Greek and has a strong accent.  I was annoyed because I couldn't understand her.  By the end of the semester I loved this lady and heard her sweet greek voice in my head as I worked through problems. The class was tough but I attended regularly.  For someone who hates and is extremely bad at math...I made an A after a lot of hard work.
                
                   Dr. Theodossiou is very helpful and knows about the subject matter. Be prepared to do a lot of work for her class, her Financial Management course has 4 exams plus a cumulative final, along with homework and quizzes for each chapter. She cares about her students, even though she likes to erase the board way too early some times.
                
                   This is the second time I've had her as a prof (3310) and I will take her portfolio class next semester.  If you wish to make an A, make sure to attend class and read along.  She knows a vast amount about the subject and is ready and willing to assist at any time.  Simply a great Prof.
                
                   She is just great. Definitely recommended. She exactly knows how to teach and how treat a student.
                
                   Very nice and helpful professor, the subject itself is hard, but she makes it interesting and easy. Online hw helps a bunch for studying for the exams. I definitly recommend her.
                
                   This online class is the most disorganized class I have ever taken.  Everyone is upset.  Nothing is ready when the syllabus says it will be.  The time allotted to complete the mid-term was inadequate.  Send emails to the professors and they ignore them.  The material is interesting but all of the professors need a lesson in deadlines themselves.
                
                   Dr. Friday is...not traditional. He whizzes through chapters super fast, stopping only to talk about cavemen. He has a thing about cavemen. His quizzes are basically for attendance purposes (we literally took one about our plans for Valentine's Day). Great guy, fun class, but if you want to learn, you've got to do it yourself.
                
                   he became hard this semester. His tests were not having anything alike with the test bank and we have quizzes online, net egg and other stuffs. not recommend
                
                   SUPER COOL PROFESSOR!
                
                   Very laid back teacher, tests are super easy if you have time to memorize test bank questions.  A bit disorganized and skips class himself from time to time.
                
                   Very easy class and Friday is laid back and jokes around a lot. Does not give much homework at all. Gives a review of 120 questions and will select 40 of them and put them on the test. EASY!!
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Every class except the first is presented by groups of students. This class is all about group work. The professor doesn't lecture. He answers questions and will only chime in, if the students presenting the chapter get off base or specifically ask him a question.
                
                   Online class. Understand that there are 75 people in this online MBA class that is 7 weeks long.  It is not a blow off "personal finance" class, but is supposed to teach us how to do planning for others. I have learned a lot that I will take with me for the rest of my life.  There is a lot of material, but it is graded quickly with lots of feedback
                
                   Professor wasn't a lot of help, seemed distracted with some contest with some other students. When asked about one of the projects his response of "I have not worked the assignment myself" was a clear sign of his own commitment to the class. The homework is simple, but the tests are not. The project is very subjective so good luck with that.
                
                   Dr. Bland was increasingly confusing in his case and question descriptions and would be especially evasive and vague when responding to student questions. Further, he would send numerous emails throughout the semester fully admitting he had not yet completed the problems or did not know the answer. He even added 8 points due to 'poor questions'!
                
                   Amazing professor! You will learn useful information from this course. This professor knows his finance stuff. I would recommend him. 
                
                   Professor Wheeler was a great online lecturer, and I would take his classes again and again.  The difference between this professor, and others at the same University is that he was focused on learning not the grade or job.  I really learned a lot and was able to immediately apply the knowledge in my everyday business career.  Take this class!
                
                   If you keep up with the reading, attend live lectures, and don't wait till the last minute to do the homework, you will do fine. The tests are multiple choice, conceptual questions.  The homework will have problems involving calculations, done in Excel.  Nice guy, gives helpful hints in his lectures to  let you know what to look for on exams.  
                
                   4 exams,  3 Integrative case problems (he shows you how to do it), grade discussions. Exams are concepts (no math) but you must answer 1 question at a time and you can't go back to fix your answer. 50 questions per exam. All concepts are in book.  Attending live sessions definitely helps for doing problems and practice exam questions.
                
                   At first I thought this guy was going to be a total D-Bag, based on some of his behavior in assignments. However, I've realized this guy is pretty frigging cool and would take other classes with him if he taught them.
                
                   He is not clear at all in emails. He will say things that often contradict the syllabus, but he goes by what the syllabus says, not what the email says. He will add extra "time" to assignments that aren't actually there, then refer to syllabus for correct dates if you are wrong.
                
                   Spoon feeds the material to you, just make sure to take special care to details on the Integrative Case Projects (ICP's) because forgetting to link a number in the template despite getting all the right answers is the difference between an A or a C.  Exams are long and challenging, but I averaged a 93% on them just by reading the textbook.
                
                   Great class! Like others have said, it is a conceptual based class and not a math based class. Class live sessions were very helpful. Highly recommended!
                
                   Dr. Williams is a fantastic professor! His exams focus on the concepts! He does a great job of explaining how the concepts are applied in every day life!! I would take a class with him again!
                
                   Dr. Williams is a wonderful professor! There were 4 exams (multiple choice, conceptual - no calculations), 3 case problems (Dr. Williams goes over each case in detail), and 4 graded discussions (easy to complete). This course was informative and stress-free. I strongly recommend this teacher!
                
                   Dr. Williams is a working professional and, as such, he focuses on the concepts more than the math.  There are 4 MC exams and 3 Excel based assignments, which he walks you through durng lecture.  Finance is not easy, but he made it understandable. I learned a lot and would definitely take another class with him.
                
                   This class was easy relative to the subject matter. Tests were multiple choice and did not include any calculations. There are 4 book problems where you build a spreadsheet that are easy thanks to the ClassLive lectures. These taught me a lot about using excel for Finance which is more practical than memorizing forumas would ever be.  Recommend.
                
                   This is a hard class with lots of busy work. You use an online site to do all the graded assigments and it is not helpful. Be prepared to spend a lot of time finding answers but not learning anything.
                
                   This guy is horrible!  Uses only an online text with the publisher's online test that is graded automatically.  Even still, it took over a week for him to merely transfer the grades into our grade book.  Very difficult class as prof selects the absolute most difficult problems.  Enormous workload.  Avoid this guy like the plague.
                
                   All online thru expensive website,takes a long time to respond to emails
                
                   This professor will do anything to help you understand the elements of this class, but it isn't easy.  You will need to pay attention to his critiques and listen to all web lectures, but I passed with an A.  Good luck.
                
                   This was one of my most difficult classes thus far, however I still managed to get an A in his class. You are on your own in terms of teaching yourself the material in this course. He has class live sessions once a week however I felt his sessions were not useful. He is very heful and responsive to ques. I would recommend him and take him again.
                
                   Great prof-caring, fun for difficult, dense subject matter. Willing to try ClassLive feature for online Spring 2008 course, which was awesome to help use/solve financial calculator problems. Be sure to watch weekly PPT, read text and do all practice problems & both exam reviews. Exams very long MC, but able to earn A if you do all as listed above.
                
                   I took FIN 304 and FIN 312 together in one semester and FIN 304 helped with FIN 312. This class is slightly harder than FIN 304 in terms of formula explanation. Take Meredith Rhodes for this class. She is amazing! She is very understanding and is more than willing to help students.
                
                   Excellent teacher. Even if she is abandoning us for LA.
                
                   Very helpful instructor
                
                   Not easy, but if you go to class (which is not required) and take notes based on what she talks about, its a manageable class and you can get a good grade.
                
                   Great instructor, very thorough and helpful.
                
                   AWESOME professor! She really cares for her students and will spend hours on ClassLive to teach her students. Very cool! Just spend a few hours a day studying and listen to her lectures!
                
                   EXCELLENT professor! She really cares and will actually teach you what you need to learn! A real professor! Take her!
                
                   Great professor who wants her students to succeed! Very light workload consisting of chapter readings and four exams. The exams are not too hard at all, but be prepared for the exams as they are your only grades! She was always willing to answer any questions and did so in a quick manner! I highly recommend this instructor!
                
                   He seems to be in his own world, jumping from one subject to the next in mid thought. Quizes did not match topics covered in class.  The material has lots of potential but he fly through it too fast wasting time on irrelevant stories trying to make his point.
                
                   Challenging, but doable. Prof is very responsive to questions posted on class DB. Minor confusions regarding several assignments, but he always addresses these in the Live Sessions, watch them! I would take him again.
                
                   HORRIBLE! Was Intro to Finance class & you were expected to already know SO MUCH. Frequently we would have problems where there was no appropriate formula in the book. The book was the biggest problem, but his coldness definitely didn't make things easier. WILL NEVER TAKE THIS PROFESSOR AGAIN!
                
                   Horrible professor. Not understanding. Not helpful. Incompetent. Just down right horrible. I should have went with my first mind to take another professor.
                
                   Great finance teacher; very fair with grading. Would definitely recommend to others!!
                
                   Great teacher. Grades are posted almost right away. Responds to emails quickly. Really cares about students understanding topics. If you read the book you should do fine on the quizzes. I would definitely recommend.
                
                   Fin 501 online class.  I found this class to be challenging, but doable.  Nowacki spells everything out clearly in terms of what needs to be accomplished, and is fair in his grading practices.  Exams are an accurate reflection of assignments, and ample time is given to complete them.  Instructor highly recommended.
                
                   Extremely fair and very helpful regarding questions.
                
                   The professor did not give test results promptly; this was a math class, not a finance mgmt class.  Did not respond quickly enough to questions.
                
                   This course was very disappointing.  Each week there is assigned reading and a quiz.  A significant number of questions in the quiz are not covered in the reading.  You have to turn to the web to research topics that should be covered.  Quiz questions are terribly worded and misleading.  Sometimes I thought the tests were made for another class.
                
                   Read chapters, complete online test. Final is optional if you have B or better. Not particularily interesting class.
                
                   He is alright... I did not care about the topic. If you are taking the online class, follow the schedule !
                
                   Professor Nowacki was very helpful and quick to answer e-mails. I took FIN 501 over the web and thought it would be a pain due to all the formulas involved, however it was a pleasant experience.
                
                   You need this guy to learn finance like a fish needs a bicycle. Better to save your money and use (free) open courseware. You'll learn more for 504. If the subject is a loaf of bread, his lectures are stale crumbs!
                
                   Charming professor with best lectures I've heard in entire college career. He is very efficient and clear but he offers a self-paced curriculum. He provides first lecture live and then everything else is recorded. He also creates practice quiz's that are extremely helpful. One of the best. :-)
                
                   Prof Loving is very engaged in the class.  He gives great lectures that really bring the material to life.
                
                   Good Professor. Organized in live class with slides so the flow goes correctly.
                
                   I strongly suggest you take ACCT 501 and BA501 to do well on FIN 501.  Dr. Loving is a great teacher.  You must go through his slides, homework and practice problems for quiz and exam.  Exam has simple and challenge problems.  You need to know how to QUICKLY solve the problems on exam. 2 of 3hr exams, 36 multiple choice problem per exam.  Good luck
                
                   Dr. Loving is a great teacher.  I wish he offered more classes in the MBA program. He is clear, his lectures are actually fun to listen to, and his quizzes and tests are straight-forward.  I would recommend anyone who needs to take MGT 501 take Dr. Loving's class.
                
                   Just finished this course a few days ago and I got a B. The material was not super hard, but the way the quiz problems were worded were not the same as the test. If you read and listen to the class live lectures you will do fine. Studying for the tests is a must. Also, he's a hand off type of professor.
                
                   FIN 501 summer session. I am an A student and I got a D in this class. Dr. Loving was very nice and mostly responsive to emails. There is only an Midterm and Final, therefore no extra credit or ways to improve your grade. All or nothing! To me there was a disconnect between the lectures and the textbook.
                
                   Great energetic professor.  Will keep the presentations alive and kicking.  Very clear what you need to do to get your grade.  Gives you courtesy reminders.  I would take him again.
                
                   Great professor. Very energetic and helpful. Would definitely take him again. Responds to your emails and answers all questions.
                
                   Dr. Loving is the worst professor I've ever had, undergraduate or graduate level. He did hardly anything throughout the course and he loaded about half of the course work into the last week of the semester. Very poor for the amount of money it costs to go to graduate shool.
                
                   Dr. Loving is the man!!! I loved his class, I can't believe any one else would say otherwise. I would STRONGLY recommend taking his class. I just wish he would start teaching finance 504.
                
                   Dr. Loving did hardly anything during this class. He rarely showed up for his own scheduled lectures and was difficult to get a hold of. He crammed about 30% of the class into the final week. Not worth the money for a graduate class.
                
                   Teacher did pretty close to nothing for the whole class.  The class was easy, quiz and test answers were easily found in the book, but he put no effort into the class at all and was very hard to get a hold of.
                
                   good professor
                
                   Very good on explaining things. Tells you exactly what you need to learn, but you need to know the stuff to make an A. Generous with bonus points. His class is an enjoyable experience.
                
                   Prof Loving was a fair professor. He knows his stuff, although he's not completely accessible at all times.  However, if you do the work you should do ok in his class.
                
                   EASY EASY EASY!!! Open notes and Book on tests. He even gave us the questions and answers to the final before-hand. He gives extra points on your tests for giving explaination in class.
                
                   Idk why everyone is saying this is easy and interesting. She is boring and makes things unnecessarily hard. Go to Tutor John and he will actually explain it in a way that's easy to understand.
                
                   This might be the most useful class that I have taken. She is very fast paced. But, if you just follow along and pay attention, you'll be fine. You need to pay attention 100% percent of the time, but it's not difficult because she keeps it interesting and everybody can benefit from the subject matter.
                
                   I like her. If you do all of her test bank problems (which are available in a package at the school's bookstore) and her homework, you're guaranteed at lease a B in the class. On top of that, she's a really funny ans sweet lady too. Once she told the class, "Hedge funds are like mutual funds on steroid."
                
                   hard to believe you make anything other than an A or B. the test are the same as the practice test. the class and any other class are as hard as you make it, i.e. if you do not study and can not recognize the problem and how to solve it then thats your fault. i cant name another class where you know exactly whats going to be on the test...
                
                   I only wish all profs were as nice a person and goodlooking as her.
                
                   awesome prof, makes class interesting
                
                   Great prof
                
                   she rocks!
                
                   sallys the man.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   He the best professor I have ever had my whole college career. He is really engaging, and his lecture is so interesting that I am mad at myself for missing one class. He answer your questions thoroughly, and even point out aspects of your own question that you never think of. I would take another class from him in a heartbeat!
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Only 3 tests and a paper. Class does not require a book, but her lecture notes don't cover  everything on her tests. While there is no homework, that means there is no opportunity to practice (and get feedback) on what she is teaching.  Final is optional and drops one low test grade. Final paper is hard and graded tough.
                
                   Not much guidance or direction of material provided. Tests were based on case studies and the practice quizzes do not help to prepare. Must read, read, read!!!
                
                   I knew the notes inside and out.  Learned the principles, so it wasn't all bad, but the tests were unfair.  10-15% of the questions were not covered at all.
                
                   Tests will throw you for a loop! BUT get with a group to take em. They are all online!
                
                   She went over the material very well and taking the practice quiz for each chapter helped with the test.
                
                   There is no textbook for this class.  Only notes that the teacher perceives as helpful but they are not. Practice quizzes are nothing like the exam.  I took 7 classes this spring.  I made A's in all other classes but a D in this class.  What is wrong with this picture?!
                
                   Dr Macy(Terry)*married,   Tough class, I took her in the summer where we had to cram our knowledge. She has no book, she has her own notes! Read those notes as many times as possible! Take the practice problems quiz as many times! It's a toughy but she will help you out!
                
                   A very fun professor with a great sense of humor that defies her South Dakota background.  Has a great deal of knowledge in her field. And I agree, very attractive.
                
                   Didn't really care much for the class, but easily one of the better looking professors on campus.  Neil Terry, you know what I'm talking about.
                
                   Dr. Macy is a very helpful and friendly person.  This class was online, and she did everything she could through her lectures, and e-mails to make sure students understood the material.  If you had a problem, you could go in and talk with her.  The subject matter is very hard to grasp at first, so be prepared.  Practice, practice, practice.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   She will help you and cares about the students.  She makes lectures as interesting as possible.
                
                   Tests are unfair ... does not prepare students for test...Wont help...wont show what was missed on tests...can't see tests at all...easy practice questions then extremely difficult test questions
                
                   She does not use book.  Lecture notes are simple, after reading and working problems mat. is easily understood.  Her test questions very hard. Does not prepare students for the type of material or questions on the test.  Lectures are entertaining and students enjoy them.  Not fair with grading projects, if she likes you good grade, very subjective.
                