
                   She's a little odd, but her lectures were very interesting. I always studied only on the night before our exams and still made high As, just by reading the book carefully and taking notes while doing so, and studying my notes from class. Her quizzes weren't that hard, and she sometimes recycles questions from them in exams. 
                
                   This is probably the greatest professor ever! She is a little tough on tests but only because she wants you to know the material. She is extremely helpful on anything you need even if its not for that class. These other reviews are ridiculous and they obviously did not try in this class. Lectures are not mandatory, but she makes it fun! Take her!!!
                
                   Class is very hard. Dr. Bergman is grumpy and unhelpful outside of class. Questions on tests and quizzes are unclear and confusing. A lot of studying is required.
                
                   This class was much more difficult then I had anticipated. Even after spending an hour a day on the material I scored no higher than a C on all of my exams. The questions on the exams are ambiguous and not well-defined. Psychology in my opinion is a "soft science" and many questions on the exam are ripe for debate.
                
                   Way to hard. Also very grumpy and not helpful outside of class. Lectures are good, but that is about it.
                
                   Makes tests way harder than they need to be!! Expects way to much for an Intro class. No curve at the end of the course.
                
                   Love this professor but she was very hard! Attendance isn't mandatory and she posts her powerpoints online but I would highly recommend going to class as she sometimes says things that aren't on powerpoints but are on the exams. Reading the textbook is a necessity if you want to pass. I got an A but it took a huge amount of studying to do so.
                
                   Makes class interesting and wants kids to succeed and do well. However, the textbook must be read for this class and the tests are very in depth. Not an easy A.
                
                   Was funny, kept class interesting. Slides posted online prior to class but she goes more in depth during class. Expected to read textbook but she is very helpful. Wants kids to do well in class, has a built in curve taking only the highest quizzes and writing assignments
                
                   Has an attitude problem. Need to read to do well on tests and take lots of notes from class. All tests have essays
                
                   Take good notes and be prepared for many essays on EVERY test.
                
                   I did not like this class AT ALL. Her test were okay and I usually got an A on them but the lab portions was awful. The lab had impossible quizzes and horrible papers to write where the average grade was a 40. She did not care about the struggle in the lab portion and all together seemed uninterested.
                
                   Dr. Lench was a good teacher, but she was a tough grader. Her tests are pretty straight forward but you have to memorize the structure for interpretations. She trys to make stats fun but its stats. If you go to lecture, take notes, and learn the formulas and interpretations you'll be fine. 
                
                   Dr. Lench really gets stats and that shows in her lectures. Test are hard even though she is specific about what is on them and reviews in class. Attendance really helps. Be prepared to learn to write to her (and the TA's) standards. Easy A if you've taken stats before, hard A if you haven't and math isn't your strong suit. 
                
                   good class. tests were hard, but everything was covered in lecture. interesting topics!
                