
                   No Comments
                
                   He is not in his domain.  Should not teach graduate classes.  Can't get equipment going.  The class is a waste of time.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Very precise instructor.  Very knowlegable and friendly
                
                   Seems extremely tough, and to pass the class much studying must be done.  a lot of info is given that requires you to study
                
                   Very good Professor.  Helped me on a clear path to graduating.  Took one of her may mini classes and enjoyed it.  She packed in quite a bit of work, but all of the work was essential and related to the class.  Thanks again Lisa!
                
                   This was a waste of time and money. She knows a lot about the Health section, but when you get to the P.E. section, all she does is read directly off of the computer.....Very BORING and I learned nothing. I can read off the computer myself!
                
                   very clear on expectations... follows syllabus exactly... exempts final for 2 or less absences un-excused... final presentation projects on a dance are a big deal!... tests are over handouts so keep up with them!
                
                   She is nice but grades rough!  She is a pretty tough teacher.  Nice lady.  Hard tests!
                
                   No Comments
                
                   She is a great teacher and very helpful. She is very easy to approach when you have questions and will do anything to help you out!
                
                   Great course, I learned a lot.
                
                   Great prof!  Fun classes!
                
                   Everyone who has taken his anatomy class knows the whole story behind the excruciating tests!  I had to take the course twice.  However, I enjoyed my conversations with Dr. Blohm and will miss him as he has finally retired.
                
                   Good teacher
                
                   No Comments
                
                   He is a great teacher, but if you get your feelings hurt easily, i suggest that you dont take his class. He is very blunt about everything.
                
                   Worst class I have ever taken. It is so unorganized and he doesn't even require a book. This class was supposed to be about administration of Kinesiology. For the 1st month he talked about leadership. He gave tests for revenge on students. He doesn't take role but if you go to the sporting events he'll pass you. He's a coach...go figure!
                
                   Just one of the most awesomest teachers!!!!! Too bad she is gone, if you didnt have her, thats your bad!!!!
                
                   Seemed like she treated us like Elem students at first by explaining the course guidelines.  However I really enjoyed her class and she is a great person to be around.
                
                   great person and teacher. One of the nicest, down to earth people you will ever meet. One of the greatest teachers you will ever have, she cares a lot for what she teaches about.
                
                   I think that the class would have been appropriate for someone in something other than math ed. but I did enjoy it.
                
                   Great teacher
                
                   This class is for Elementary Teachers. I took it my first semester at Commerce and it was a blast. She was always smiling and had wonderful personality. She was very positive and a lot of fun to have as a teacher.
                
                   This is a fun class...I recommendit for everybody.
                
                   Sandra is a typical professor. Difficult class, but not unattainable. She said it is an accomplishment to make an A, and she was not lying. Her final was actually 30 minute call over the phone where she asked various questions. Biggest negative about her is that she grades her assignments as an english teacher would. Grammar and content be perfect
                
                   One would believe that an associate professor would enjoy their job. However, Sandra does not! Very strict grader, and she grades you based on what she thinks about you! I made an, but I have to say that not many people did. Very difficult class, very annoying teacher, I hope you do not have to take it. Oh and for the final, she does it over phone.
                
                   I took her for a online class. her assignments are not easy, just no that she majored in enlish also so she is big on correct grammer and it is counted in your hw grades. Her class is not a breeze and you can not get out of taking her so just no that this is a class to truly study for! I can actually say that I learned in this class.
                
                   Bases your grade on how well she likes you.  Get on her good side the first day of class and STAY THERE!!!
                
                   Takes phys ed pretty seriously! Even tho she taugh phys ed, she's the only education teacher I've had that has had us actually teach class and prepare lesson plans. I appreciated that, even tho I didn't really like her as a person.
                
                   She is a good teacher, but you have to study.  Her tests are hard.  There is True/False, a few multiple choice, and fill in the Blank.  There is no word bank. You have to know the stuff.
                
                   She is agressive and bases your grades off of her opinion of you. I had to report her to the Dean. If possible, take another teacher. She has NEVER taught in an elementary classroom and has no business teaching future elementary teachers.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Wonderful person! Boring and repetitive class.
                
                   Fun teacher! Great trainer.
                
                   This class wasn't university but Shelly is AWESOME. It kicks you ass if you are out of shape. She really good at all she does.
                
                   She's Hot
                
                   Awesome class!! Shelly is Awesome too
                
                   Water Aerobics at the pool!
                
                   Lovely person!  Funny, kind, and helpful.  Wish I could take more classes from him.  He made me think I could be a PE teacher, and I hated PE growing up.
                
                   Really easy! He goes straight from the book! I took him for First Aid & Safety! I got an A! Show up take his 10 question quizes everyday and the test is basiclly the quizes! A chapter a day!
                
                   Dr. Ross is awesome! Very knowledgable and keeps the class fresh and entertaining. His tests are his reviews. He just want his students to succeed.
                
                   Dr. Ross is very comical. He will keep you entertained.  He knows a lot about the subject and you will once you complete his course.  If you read, you will do excellent in his class. I love using notecards for exams!
                
                   I had him for first aid and safety. He was an AWESOME teacher. He allows you to get certified at the end of the semester. He is very funny and is always in a good mood. The class isn't too hard Take him if you can
                
                   his class is extremely easy, he gives you all the notes, and the test are strait of the study guides he gives you. I am taking him as much i can.
                
                   Great!  I love the class
                
                   Don't know who is person is that thought the CPR/FA was outdated...I thought it was very current. Sometimes the practicals were a little slow but the instructor kept us well entertained.A great teacher who cares about students.
                
                   We never got to use cheat sheets&#63;!&#63;  Took his CPR class and found the lectures stimulating, but actual field work boring and outdated.  I can still smell the bleach we had to use to clean the CPR dummies.  UGH.  Thank god that class is over!
                
                   Coach Ross is one of the best teachers in the Kines. department. I learned so much from him and had a blast. Be prepared to be entertained because he truly loves what he does and it shows. He lets you use notecards (cheat sheet) for the tests.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Must be able to walk a mile in under 13 minutes, it's the final!! Bought the book then told it wasn't needed-didn't use in class at all. Did a variety of activities, but none (other than walking) that doesn't involve a gym membership! Not helpful at all for developing a lifetime fitness plan, as he said we would do!
                
                   Coach Walker has been my best fitness coach by far.  He tells you at the beginning that the class is to teach you skills to use for the rest of your life, in regards to your health...I totally agree.  The class is an easy A if you have really good attendance.  You're given an opportunity to workout, you should take full advantage of it.
                
                   Easiest Class on campus!!
                
                   Easiest class on Campus!
                
                   HAH! This class is a laugh. I dont do anythign in there and i get an a..but thats cuz im special
                
                   good teacher, easy to pass class, just show up and walk
                
                   Ms. Dennis was great. Our typical day involved walking around the track upstairs in the Dugan gym building and coming back to class to either go over future assignments or getting handouts. The homework isn't too bad. There was a midterm and final test and one major quiz. Be sure to remember to do your heart rate throughout the semester. Take her!
                
                   Mrs. Dennis is a really good yoga instructor I would take her again if I had the chance! Sometimes she does give homework but its nothing that take along time and is very hard. Over all the class was great!
                
                   No Comments
                
                   He is a great teacher. I wish all of my teacher were so motivated.
                
                   Really cares about his field of study. He expects his students to work hard and think out of the box. Very inspiring, to me and others.
                
                   Found him to be a professor that cares about his students learning.  He is a professor that expects his students to take charge in their learning. He wants results. He is fair and inspring.
                
                   same old johnson lots of work, but not hard, if you keep up with all the homework and tests you will be okay, but if you miss one day you will be sol. overall an ok class.
                
                   He's not a bad teacher, you just have to take his candor with a grain of salt.  His organization leaves something to be desired.
                
                   does not make clear what he is asking for on exams and work is overwhelming i would not recommend him but he is the only one who teaches these courses.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   This is my 3rd semester taking Deb's zumba class! I first signed up for it just to get credit and she was the only one in the gym who didn't intimidate me, but my 2nd and 3rd semesters taking it were simply out of pure joy. Deb is a ray of bright light! She makes working out so much fun. As long as you participate and get silly you will get an A :)
                
                   Deb is the greatest woman alive. She is so inspiring and a lovely person. I had her for yoga twice, and would still take it again just for fun because I love her that much. She is so kind and loving and gives great advice. I wish I could take her with me to College Station next year because I will miss seeing her all the time! I love this woman!
                
                   I love this woman! She was always very helpful and in her yoga class if you needed a rest it was always allowed. 
                
                   Deb is one of those teachers who loves what she does and loves passing on that passion. I firmly believe that she can teach anyone willing to put in the effort how to dance. The music can get a bit boring and repetitive but watching Deb dance around the room with us is hilarious and she is always providing new material if we master the current.
                
                   I took Deb for Aerobic step. She's awesome. Got me in better shape than i was. She's full of energy and in perfect shape. She does knock off points for attendance but understands if you're sick. She really cares about her students and knows them by name and on a personal level. HIGHLY recommended.
                
                   I had her for health (Book) and Dance:Adv.Jazz, all I can say is easy. Do the work go to class test aren't hard and you will get an A. The people who I sat next to in my class, including me made OVER 100s for our final grades. If you have an absence its 3 points of your FINAL grade. Somedays you have book work other days you have exercise days
                
                   I took yoga and she is extremely helpful. This is one of the easiest classes ever. She doesn't care if you do the pose exactly right as long as you are trying. She is super sweet as well.
                
                   Deb is a sweetheart! Always helpful in class and if you just need to tell her your tales of woe. She made the class like a family on the first day and after that it became an easy A if you show up. She is is willing to work with you in and out of class. She honestly made my first freshmen semester a little easier. Take her if you want dance class!
                
                   Deb is so nice!
                
                   Deb truely cares about her students and their health. Shes an awesome person and makes class interesting.
                
                   Every course I've had with Deb has been outstanding, most especially Yoga.  I highly recommend taking either her beginning or intermediate yoga course.
                
                   Hey I had the same experience as the person who posted before me...I'm 5'9 160 and she basically told me I'm obese.  Don't take her class unless you are really girly and wear pink to class...otherwise she will think you're 'different' and call you into her office to 'chat'.
                
                   She is nice and all but her grading system for absences is rediculus, she take 3 points for every absence and is NOT flexable on it even if you get stuck by the stupid bridge and are 10min late.
                
                   Deb is so sweet, energetic, friendly, and helpful.  She's one of those professors who remembers who you are, even several semesters after you've taken her course.
                
                   Deb seems sweet when you first step into her class, but as the semester progresses- watch out! I took her BEGINNING aerobics class and wish I never had.  Not that the work was too hard, but she grades you against national standards rather than your progress.  For beginnners&#63;  Also, I am 5'10&quot;/150 and she told me I needed to lose 20 lbs! Ok, lady!
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Wonderful energy as a teacher and will really care about you as a person--She is a truly motivating PE teacher!
                
                   she is the greatest! Her classes are always so much fun
                
                   Deb is an AWESOME prof. If you need a KINE 199 take one of her classes
                
                   I've had Deb for Health and Fitness and intermediate social dance. She is a joy to be around. I always leave her class with a smile. She's extremely helpful to all her students and wants to see everyone pass. I highly recommend her
                
                   If you're looking for an easy A, DO NOT TAKE SWIMMING! make sure you read the syllabus!!! 
                
                   She is an absolute nightmare. DO NOT take any of her classes. You will not pass, you will get frustrated and angry. Its a lot of worthless stress over a kinesiology credit, honestly. I personally wish to see her get fired, she is not a professor our campus needs.
                
                   She takes her class very seriously!!i did not pass her class because i have 3 absents, and 2 absents of these 3 were because i had not added the class...if u want a good grade choose other teacher
                
                   Mrs. Harris is so awesome! My favorite prof and my fav class for the semester. I totally recommend her class tho I heard that she's kinda tough for aerobics. The dance is great tho and she'll whip you into shape faster than you can say &quot;I can't dance&quot;.
                
                   I love this class and Mrs. Harris! She's the high-energy kick in the pants I need to get me though my M,W,F's. She's fun, happy, and super sweet! She's tough- she expects nothing but your best, but she makes the work a blast! She's always ready to help a student with routines. Try your best, pay attention, show interest... you'll do fine.
                
                   This woman is too hype, i have her for a 3 hour class, and she gives us no break. I think she's the only person who teaches first aid, so we have no choice.
                
                   Barbie on crack, dancing to Britney Spears songs.  If you get sick or fall behind, just drop the class because she does not even care. I think there MAY have been 2 A's in my class.
                
                   Not an easy teacher. Expects too much work for a kinesiology class. Don't expect an &quot;A&quot;
                
                   all her classes require outside workouts in the gym which isn't bad if you don't mind. she is very nice and means business in class.
                
                   If your thinking about taking aerobics for an easy &quot;A&quot;.....please think again. This class will be much harder then your Biology class. It's not a class just to take for fun...watch out for actually all of Mrs. Harris classes
                
                   Mrs. Shelia needs to screw on her head, i think she has left it behind!!!!
                
                   She is rude and shows no mercy on those whom may be sick and need to catch up in the class. She is just not a very good instructor.
                
                   Many people will potentially die -- even though they take her First Aid class.  Watch out!  Mr. Universe could not pass her class.
                
                   Teaches all of the Kinesiology classes in San Antonio. Only instructor that cares for the Kinesiology students.
                
                   We had no book for the class. She is pretty cool, gives good examples, hot for a teacher ;) If you come to class everyday and take notes and STUDY THEM you should do fine. Also it would be good to go to her office and keep contact with her.
                
                   Kind of easy. Not too bad.
                
                   Good lady. Take her clases. But, does anybody actaually learn anything in this departmont&#63; I bet our GRE scores are lowwwwww!
                
                   She is very tough and strict but you learn a lot.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   The funniest sex talk I've ever heard!
                
                   She is such a babe!!!!!!!!!!
                
                   Great class, even if you have no gymnastic ability at all.  He takes your effort into consideration.  Mmidterm &amp; final are routines you put together and perform in front of the class, you might want to reconsider taking this if you get 'stage fright'.
                
                   Easy A - because of the class, not the tacher.  I hear he is a really hard teacher for the tumbling class.  I don't have first hand experience with that though so I am marking very easy.
                
                   Easy A, however the worst weekend of my life
                
                   He is nice and cool. A great class to take with him.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   YUCK!  Sandy Weeks must hate life. Being around her is sooooo negative and she has no people skills at all. Stay away from her at all cost.
                
                   weeks is very stubborn. don't try to prove her wrong cause she might grade you assignments harder..too bad you &quot;have&quot; to take that class...send help!
                
                   She is a great teacher, she is a stickler for attendence, so go to class. She will help you if any problems arise. The best way to get on her good side is to participate in class. Answer her questions when she asks in class and she will love you! Just an overall great teacher.
                
                   I had her for country-western dance. She is always real helpful, but it takes a while to get used to her.
                
                   Great teacher!! Much Fun!!!
                
                   This lady has the patience of a saint. She has made this class a lot of fun. One negative note though. LINE DANCING SUCKS!!!
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Fair, demanding, wealth of knowledge, explains complex things in simple terms.  Mus kow the subject to pass jis exams
                
                   Cool dude - notttt!!!
                
                   Spends most of class time rambling on about useless stuff.  He is in love with himself and is very rude,**** and harrasing toward females.  Recommend taking from a different university.
                
                   Extremely knowledgeable, very smart and very demanding, grades fairly, great sense of humor.  You must know the stuff to pass his class.  Exams are very hard but fair.
                
                   Good teacher. Also nice looking.
                
                   I do not recommend this instructor.  She plays favorites.  Be careful how you say things to her. She has a tendency to flip out.  It is best to keep quiet around her.  She is smart, and knows her stuff, but is not very good with dealing with the "student".  I would take someone else if you have the option.
                
                   Good teacher but gotta go to class.
                
                   I took this online. Some of the quiz questions were tricky or inconsistent with the text. There were three discussions due each week, which is expected of many online courses. Exams were open book with no real time limit. Easy enough!  Dr. T is also very nice and uploads lectures so that it is more personal than some other online courses.
                
                   Dr.T is a great instructor! However, like others have said she does pick favorites. Her test are tough but she gives and AMAZING review in class before. Just don't expect to win unless you are her favorite. Record all the questions and answers you have a perfect study guide. Good Luck :)
                
                   Current Issues in Health.  This class is a breeze, all you do is read controversial issues and list why each side is favoring yes, or no. It was a lot of fun, she is a totally different person in this class. Show up and attend class, you'll get an A.
                
                   Nutrition. I enjoyed the class, but if its not your thing you won't enjoy the class. Warning, she is very moody, so get on her good side because she will play favs. The test are pretty good, you play a game before, take notes during the game, b/c its the questions to the test. Good Luck.
                
                   Awesome professor. There is a lot of work involved, but she is a really good professor. You should enjoy the class and she is very helpful and easy to get in contact with.
                
                   uninterested in what she's teaching so it makes it boring to learn. plays favorites. not clear as far as what to expect on tests.
                
                   Dr. Teitjen-Smith is great!! She explains everything and really wants you to understand what she is teaching!! I would highly recommend her for this class!!
                
                   great class.  fun.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   This lady is clueless and so is the class.  Very moodey.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Very helpful when teaching beginning students how to play tennis!!!
                
                   He takes his job very seriously, but that doesn't mean he's a Nazi. It means he will actually teach you how to be a successful track coach. His tests are reasonable, and easy to pass if you take simple notes and moderately try. He's mostly organized, very helpful, and an all-around excellent person. If you want to coach, take this class.
                
                   Ponder is Awesome. TAke the theory of coaching track class for an &quot;A&quot;
                
                   He is a fun teacher, but he takes his profession very seriously, as he should, so be prepared to take his class seriously. The only bad thing is I took his coaching theory class and he didn't teach me any thing I didn't already know; he assumes you already know and doesn't really go into much detail
                
                   No Comments
                
                   He was strict about attendance. Hes a good guy but the class wasnt too easy. There was a lot of hands on learning which made class fun.
                
                   He was a cool guy, but is a stickler for attendence.
                
                   A good clas that made me sweat.
                
                   hard to rate w/this system.  the class was tennis/badminton so how hard could it be&#63;  however, our views on the class differed and i never felt like he liked me.  one of the few classes i have truly disliked.
                
                   Very nice!
                
                   Good teacher
                
                   Great Professor especially if you need a gpa boost. He teachings you to think on your own and its really good. I enjoyed his class, you should do very well if you attend class and study.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   awful teacher.
                
                   Great Conservative American!  Nice feller and tests are easy, at least for 444
                
                   This course is so watered down that one can only wonder.  There is no learning and much less teaching going on in this course.  As instructor, he is very personal and fun person but professionally he is terrible.  This class is waste of time not to mention money.
                
                   He is a fun teacher, will keep you laughing. He will also help you with any problems or questions. What he talks about in class and what is on the test are two different things though. You better read the book to pass the tests! Also be careful because his tests have alot of trick questions!
                
                   You are better off by taking the course spondence classes.
                
                   He is a easy teacher if you don't mind putting forth the effort.  He is willing to work with you with anything.  I took another class from him and didn't really put forth the effort, but I am in this one and it is a lot easier.
                
                   He is very good for what he does.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   damn, this dude screwed me for kine 415, i got a &quot;c&quot; i was there every day and did all assigment, the tests were soooo hard and confusing over in-between the lines stuff in the book
                
                   Very cool teacher...His classes are the most fun!
                
                   This class was so easy. We never used the book. She put everything on line to print and take to class. I loved this class!
                
                   The class was a waste of time, effort & money.I learned very little about v/b. It was part of the volley/basketball coaching class offered for a minor in coaching. If the level of instruction my classmates & I recieved in this class is of any indication what the other coaching classes offer they might as well get rid of the coaching minor.
                
                   Lets ignorant, uncooperative students walk all over her. Lets blacks show up late without question... liberal attitude!
                
                   No Comments
                
                   not very clear on what she wants to accomplish and seems to bring problems at home to the class. Not very accepting to people that are not like her. Plays favorites with certain students.
                
                   Serious about her attendance policy.  Not interested in giving you a break if you have personal issues that come up.
                
                   very instructive, learned alot,
                
                   well there was a comment on here before but i guess someone erased it. needless to say, this teacher as an educator needs more lessons on how to be a better teacher for her methods are below the lowest standard and her mockery of students is unacceptable.
                
                   This coach/teacher really thinks she knows her stuff when it comes to being an educator but she is doing a disservice to herself, community, and more importantly her university. She portrays herself and an educator but her level is WOEFULLY INADEQUATE!!!
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Dr. Chase is amazing one of the best professors at WT and the best in the SES department.  While attendance isnt mandatory you better show up or you wont pass. There is a major group project in his class so its better if you know someone in the class to team up with. 
                
                   Great teacher, can be unclear at times. But will answer any question you may have! also don't skip if you want to pass!!! 
                
                   One of the best at WT, you will learn from him!  Not an easy A at all, but you will know the subject.
                
                   Go to his classes, they are actually fun!
                
                   Take good notes and don't skip classes!  Be prepared to stay the whole time.  He is tough but fair!
                