
                   Very easy.
                
                   TERRIBLE! He gave us a syllabus, but changed so many times throughout the semester. Would send obscure email replies so you never got clarity. He'd say one thing and something completely opposite the next day. The final straw was when he screwed the whole class by not counting a huge project because a few messed it up. DO NOT TAKE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
                
                   alot of online work but it has solution guides, quizlet is plentiful with this one.  Went to class twice, got a C+ (had SOME prior knowledge on topics)
                
                   Really loved Phinney's class! Exams are fair and the projects are really neat, too! Definitely get to know Professor Phinney if you can.
                
                   Phinney is not a bad prof, she tries her best to make the course interesting and relatable. I found the tests to be extremely difficult. Yes, it is all memorizing information from the back of the book but if you don't have a photographic memory you will struggle. Tests are MC but answer choices are like A similar B the same C alike D none above
                
                   This class was an easy A for me. Honestly just look over the test bank in the back of the book and memorize it and you should be able to get an A.
                
                   The class covers important info that is helpful to several aspects of business. I am not a technology person and I found the class very difficult. She is a decent professor who is willing to help only if you ask and ask specific questions. Homeworks are straight forward and tests are decent.
                
                   She is so so so helpful in office hours and genuinely cares not only about your grades and helping you but you as a person. Class can be hard and lectures are long and detailed but if you do your work you should be good. Overall, class is tough but doable.
                
                   Prof P is awesome. The class isn't too hard if you show up and listen. Most of the tests are based off of the questions @ the back of the book, plus random things she says in class. If you have trouble on the homework, the GA's will be your best friend. The class doesn't require too much effort, just show up and pay attention.
                
                   Theresa Phinney is a good teacher. It's a hard class to sit through if you don't like computers. A lot of the random stuff she mentions during class is on the tests. Make sure you know how to do the homework. Also, know the vocabulary from the textbook. If you do the homework and study, you can get an A in the class.
                
                   The class is heavy on memorization. Just make sure you're memorizing the right answer. (Harder than in sounds in this class.) Her tests can be very tricky. For example: a long question with one very small (seemingly irrelevant) detail off by a digit or two on a true false question. Also, the weekly online assignments can be very time consuming. 
                
                   Professor Phinney is awesome. Many of the test questions are from the back of the book. Go to class because she will ask random questions about what she said in class. If you need help on the homework, there are GA's that are there for you. There is an HTML project, so if you don't know HTML, the GA's will be your best friends. Ask her questions.
                
                   There is a great deal of test questions which are based off of random things she says in class so its pretty important to go to class, even though attendance is not mandatory. 
                
                   Phinney's honestly one of my favorite professors I've had so far. She's so goofy and makes the entire class laugh without even trying so lectures aren't tough to sit through at all. Excel and Access hw aren't terrible, just don't forget to do them! Tests are long and not easy at all: READ the book, study your notes and make flashcards. Not bad.
                
                   She's an interesting teacher. However, there are some questions that she puts in the exams that would completely shock you, like "what are the names of my assistants?" Anyways, the course needs a lot of work and it's definitely not an easy "A".
                
                   She is highly enthusiastic and entertaining. However, she really doesn't teach. You'll learn access and excel through Promethous. You'll have a "test bank" but trust me, it doesn't really help. She trips you up about everything and tests are super tricky. You'll ask you if a question is grammatically correct. O I'm sorry Im not an English major. 
                
                   Worth taking for the information, but not nearly as easy as you think from the first few days. Difficulty in pinpointing knowledge expected to know on tests, always throwing as much content out at you as possible, drawing from whatever is relevant to the real world. Worth getting to understand quickly so you don't have a hard time on tests.
                
                   She is extremely bubbly and energetic. She sometimes went off on tangents, but they were really funny. The class overall is not too difficult. The Excel and Access projects can be annoying but if you utilize the Help Desk you should be OK. Tests are almost entirely from the textbook so you have to have it. Don't miss class-- she gives quizzes.
                
                   I love this teacher she's so full of energy! This class is pretty easy. The tests are basically the vocab words from the text book. Going to class on days she talks about excel and access was a good idea, also she gives class quizzes a lot so I would advise you go.
                
                   I cannot understand a single word he says. That alone makes the class miserable. There are many out of class assignments, we watch videos in class a lot, which are boring and he makes attendance mandatory by taking attendance of giving stupid quizess. The tests are easy though, all you have to do is read the chapters it is over.
                
                   He gave me full credit for the homework even though I missed 2 of the 10 submissions.  Gives extra credit randomly. Very nice and helpful, but his class has nothing to do with the tests, just extra information for your own knowledge. Lots of videos in class, I fell asleep a lot.
                
                   Gives extra credit based on random attendance lists. Tests are easy if you study for them. Go to class and read the material you will have no problem making an A. Projects are fairly easy for the most part. He gives instructions and really helps you along. His accent makes some words a little difficult to understand, but overall I'd recommend him.
                
                   Super easy. No need to attend class. All quizzes are on Blackboard and easy to ace. Very lenient with grading and turn in dates.
                
                   Show up to class and study the powerpoints. Never used the book and no real need to. But don't slack off and turn in assignments on time, i didn't and that was my fault for being lazy. got a C but didn't put my heart into the class nor my work and there was NO excuse for it. pretty straight foward class.
                
                   Go to class and pay attention. Alot of examples are used. Uses PowerPoint extensively to supplement lecture. Read the text and pay attention and you'll do fine.
                
                   Really nice but unclear.
                
                   Super sweet professor and willing to help you with anything. Lectures are, however, very dull but it is a relatively easy class. Test questions come straight from the back of the book and the homework with no real surprises. He only teaches this course during the summer, but I definitely would recommend to take him then over any other prof. 
                
                   Dr. A is one of the most amazing human beings I've ever met. He really cares about the students, and he really just wants you to do your best. He's really flexible with grades as long as you're respectful toward him. He's just all around a great guy!
                
                   Dr. A is a great guy who cares about his students. If you get the chance to take him, definitely do it because he cares more about you learning then your test grades (tests are only worth 50% put together). His accent might be slightly hard to understand, but you'll get use to it and he's worth it as a teacher to bear with it.
                