
                   Honestly, the class I took was easy and I got A, I really would take it again :D
                
                   Dr. Chaney is one of the best professors at A&M.  I am really enjoying his class.
                
                   He was very hard, but I learned a lot.  I wish he taught some other health courses.
                
                   HOT! HOT! HOT!  Dr. Chaney was one of the best professors that I ever had.  He truly cares about the students and I learned so much from this class.
                
                   Dr. Guidry in my opinion was my favorite professor of my fall semester this year. His class definitely pertains to real world topics in the medical field. He definitely loves participation and hearing from students. Actively engaging in his questions and studying the notes he directly gave us, gave me an A in the class. Would recommend this class.
                
                   Awesome professor! He like to express detail during his lecture. He grabs your attention and entertaining.
                
                   He was an alright teacher, but he was consistently late to class and kind of made me feel uncomfortable at times? I don't know. Others seemed to like him.  His tests were very fair though.  
                
                   All I have to say is Study Blue will save your life in here. That and do not slack off. Read everything and study the quiz questions and you will make an A in the course. There is not much room for error in the grading scale, so study wise.
                
                   This class has a very fair grading system and the GA does not allow for students who slack to beg for a better grade. The material is worth the time put in, especially if you are thinking of going premed. i would suggest this online class. It is a difficult but meaningful class that everybody should take. Guidry set up a good course.
                
                   I never read the textbook... but I made a B because I didn't do well on the final. Otherwise I made awesome grades just by showing up to class. I'd say my interest in coming to class was more like a 4.25, but a 5 would be fair to give dr. g because he was an awesome prof! my favorite class I have taken so far is hlth 236! Take it with him!
                
                   Helpful, especially if you email him or go to his office. Very nice. Funny man, pretty sure he is gay, which explains his fabulousness. Really wants everyone to do well. Group & individual projects--only downside. He is passionate about the topic and is currently working in the field which makes you want to really listen.
                
                   I absolutely loved Guidry!! Yeah he grades papers slightly rough, but its all for the right reasons (citing, research, and content).  His tests are fairly easy, just study his power point notes!! Hes very easy to go to when you have a personal issue or an issue regarding your grade, hes very willing to work with you!!
                
                   He will give you a walk half the time. He grades papers very toughly. His tests never cover the material that he says they will. He has his student workers write the tests, so he never know what is on the test either.
                
                   She is truly the best! Mid term and final were harder than I expected given the other course work and quizzes, however she provided feedback for assignments and at the beginning of the semester did a Skype call with me (I'm a distance student) to help get me familiar with the program. More than my adviser offered me, and helped me feel way at ease!
                
                   So easy! Easy A with little effort, take him! Group project is really easy, I only met with mine 3 times and that's because we went way beyond what was just required.
                
                   Awful teacher, lessons are old, not updated what so ever! Def not a people person! Do not take his class!! ESP online!!
                
                   Stratton's tests are a killer... just memorize your notes. He might be one of the best in the department, but try not to take his class early so you won't fall asleep.
                
                   one of the best in kine
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Judy Allen is not a professor at TAMUC.  She works as an Administrative Assistant in the EDL department.  She does not like to train or teach.
                
                   She is clear and concise in the course expectations. She grades fairly and answers any questions you have in a timely manner. I would reccomend her as a professor
                
                   I do not recommend this instructor.
                
                   Coach Grant is an AMAZNG professor. Class is very simple and very easy but is a class that was so valuable. He not only teaches health of children but also teaches on every aspect of teaching. AMAZING class. If you ever have the opportunity to take him, DO IT.
                
                   Coach Grant is a great teacher! His is knowledgeable about the material and wants everyone to succeed. He is the nicest professor I have had to date and really care about his students!
                
                   HHPK 324 I Really enjoyed his lectures. He related everything to experiences. Fun projects were assigned. Four tests. Every test comes straight from your notes in lecture. Easy A if you study the notes.
                
                   Really enjoyed his lectures. He related everything to experiences. Fun projects were assigned. Four tests. Every test comes straight from your notes in lecture. Easy A if you study the notes.
                
                   Super easy, you have to attend class! You take notes from a powerpoint and the test is over the notes. He will tell you many of the questions on the test, they are word for word from the notes. You will have to make your own PE lesson, and that's it!
                
                   Attendance is a must. He lecture off the powerpoints in class.  He will hint at the answers during the lecture.  His test reviews are easy but the first two tests are 75 questions. overall great professor and will cut class early!
                
                   Great professor would take her again. Show up participate and do the quizes and you will do good in the class.
                
                   First Aid& Safety is the class if you dont know, shes a cool teacher, always smiling, and you can tell she likes her job
                
                   Teacher can be busy and may take time to get back to emails but tries to be fair and does extra time for assignments if requested. I got B grade but because of late work.  Will give an A grade if you do all the work. Group projects and paper. Also academic advisor and can be helpful in that respect too.
                
                   There was only one test (the final)and it came directly from the review she gave. On the writing assignments, she would not give 100s, and would take points off for meaningless things that she failed to tell us to do. She also used group work and a group presentation, which was really difficult with my assigned group.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   I have had Dr. Melrose for 3 of my kinesiology classes best professor by far. He has a close relationship with all of his students who are willing to put in the effort. Hes classes are not east but you will learn alot by the end of the semester not only about the subject but about yourself and your capabilities. All in all he is awesome!
                
                   This guy rocks!
                
                   tough material, but he's willing to help. enjoys what he's doing. i may not have a great grade, but i learned a great deal.
                
                   Very good teacher
                
                   Dr. Melrose is a great professor. exer. phys. was tough but if you study the notes and read the book you will make a good grade in his class.  tests are hard and quizzes seem a bit out of left field but again if you really study and pay attention you will learn a great deal.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Nice guy.  Midly arrogant.  Loves what he does, teaches it well.  Gives good notes, and good reviews.  Tests right offa notes.  Will give extra credit if needed.  Only 2-3 test per semester and will quiz right before Test.  Test are challenging.
                
                   She was horrible. She never had the grades input correctly. She was very forgetful as to things she told you were ok to do. She also uploaded the wrong final for the fall semester and then told us after everyone had taken it that we had to take a different one because she made the mistake!!!
                
                   This was a summer class but it was really easy. She graded the assignments easily and the quizzes' answers could all be found in the book. There was a group project, but we got to pick our groups so it wasn't too bad
                
                   While the tests were not very difficult, I got screwed over with my assigned group members for the 2 major projects of the class. out of a group of 10, only 4 of us actually did anything, yet the other 6 still expected credit for work they did not do. Professor was understanding of situation and did not give them credit where they did not earn it.
                
                   While the general assignments and quizzes for her class were easy, she screws students over when it comes to the midterm and final exams. The midterm was over information we had not even gone over in class and were told was not going to be on the exam. The questions for both exams were unclear and tricky. Impossible unless you are a nursing major.
                
                   Our class promoted Dig Pink (if you have her you will know what I am talking about) She is very energetic and in-your-face. And she will let you know that she is there without even physically telling you. She is a very smart and organized professor, easy to work with. I recommend her.
                
                   She does everything on power point. (make sure you paraphrase when taking notes!) there are a few writing assignments, nothing too difficult. Very nice person. I recommend her.
                
                   
                
                   An amazing professor he genuinely cares about each and every student. Unlike other classes you get to know each person in the class and have fun basically. No test, No quiz's just projects that basically express yourself. There were some days I would go to class and whatever life story or enduring theme he had made an impact on me.
                
                   Dr. Seiger is an amazing professor.I took Health and Wellness and enjoyed going to class.Every professor should strive to teach in the same way that Seiger does. Most students are uncomfortable the first few days with the involvement but eventually your class seems more like a family. You will know everyones name and will learn a little about every
                
                   Very nice guy. He gives you so many opportunities to make an A in his class. You do have to do a few group projects though. Teaches you how to apply decisions to real life situations. Dr. seguir is a great professor.
                
                   He is a good teacher. If you want to learn about how to live healthy, take him. I learned a lot from his class. It's fun!I got an A from his class.
                
                   excellent teacher
                
                   Dr. Seiger takes the time to shake everyones hand before enetering and leaving class.  He is very energetic and loves getting his students involved.  Many class periods are spent just talking about life.  He is the kind of guy you can go to with any problem, school or other wise and he will go out of his way to help you out.  Great teacher & person
                
                   HE IS THE BEST!!! SUPER EASY CLASSES AND A GREAT GREAT PERSONALITY!!!! I LOVE THIS TEACHER! IVE TAKIN ALMOST ALL HIS CLASSES. GOOD WAY TO BRING UP YOUR GPA!
                
                   Amazing professor. I have never had any other professor teach the way he does. It is what all educators should strive for. He is a caring individual who really treasures every life that he is touching by his teaching.  Easy A if you show up for class, take Dr. Seiger and your life will change in a good way.
                
                   Take LIFESTYLES FOR WELLNESS if you get the chance. He is a wonderful american and you will not be disappointed. He is intelligent, kind hearted, and loves what he does. Take him every chance you get!Love his class. Lots of interaction with others too.
                
                   Dr. Seiger is one of those teachers you will never forget.  He makes class fun.  I took him 4 times ... not because I needed the classes for my degree but just because he is such a great guy.
                
                   Dr. Seiger is one of those teachers you will never forget.  He makes class fun.  I took him 4 times ... not because I needed the classes for my degree but just because he is such a great guy.
                
                   Dr. Seiger is not your average professor. If you don't like a lot of interaction with classmates, don't take his class. But if you are bored by just sitting still and taking notes, Seiger is a breath of fresh air. His classes are never boring and time goes by fast when you're having fun.
                
                   Great Professor
                
                   Very easy guy to work with! I recommend him.
                
                   Knows his stuff!  Highly recommend!
                
                   Easy A if you do the homework which is very tedious and boring. tests are taken from the practice quizzes verbatim. if you cannot get an A in this class you should take your money and try something else, easy.
                
                   does everything webct.  ask someone for old quizzes cuz they dont change.  lots of quizzes and hw, but easy if you just keep up.  can't miss many classes tho.......
                
                   super easy and fun class.  if you dont get an a, u should go back to high school!
                
                   I learned SO MUCH in his class. He teaches everything straightforward. The notes are super easy. All the tests are take home and the final was a breeze. This guy needs to be a Dr. for the knowledge he has. I recommend him!
                
                   Group work is a big thing in this course. Dr. Owens will guide you through your research. Very helpful. Quizzes are not too difficult if you read the book.
                
                   Awesome! Very helpful with questions. Summer class contained a lecture portion and discussion questions, quizzes, and group projects on Blackboard. Not a blow-off class but it is obtainable to pass with a good grade. She allowed us to turn in late work for full credit. I would suggest her over Dr. Day! Book is mandatory!
                
                   This was a summer class and was really interesting. The only downside was that the quizzes were over a huge amount of information and many of the questions didn't even have answers in the book
                
                   Overall, the class was pretty easy except for a major paper and project given less than 2 weeks before she wanted it due. There are mandatory discussions and quizzes and she is a hard grader, but if you do your work on time and put a little effort into it, you'll get a good grade.
                
                   While there are numerous assignments and required discussions, the class is not too difficult. She is a hard grader and does not give 100s easily-you have to earn them. Also, she loves group projects, but is fair if group members are not helping in the project. Overall, not too bad of a professor.
                
                   She rarely taught the class. Instead, she put us in groups and had us teach the class the chapter we were assigned. No tests or quizzes. The majority of your grade rested on the seminar you taught and the huge paper due at the end of the school year. While we did have flexibility on choosing a topic, it had to be very detailed and extensive.
                
                   I honestly do not find her to be a great professor. She can be funny at times but is very unorganized and never emails you back on time. She does not update grades until the last minute and when you ask her about your grades she acts careless about it. She really needs to get more organized.
                
                   Text material is on the test, but sometimes ask questions that she never covered in lectures or in the text. She runs a lot of programs, so if your a kinesiology major, she is a good person to become buddy buddy with. Doesn't mind so much about tardiness or cellphones. If you don't get at least a B, you just didn't even try.
                
                   shes and awesome teacher and really exctied about teaching an d being fit. just come to class do the assignments and you have an A.
                
                   She does everything by powerpoint. She also uses blackboard for some assignments. A LOT of writing assignments and of course other assignments as well. She prepared me very well for my other KINE classes. I definitely recommend her.
                
                   She is a sweet person but a little to energetic for my likeing. I have her for my walking class and she seems to think that everyone is just as phyicly fit as her. Personally I know I am not in shape and due to her pushing me a little to much I hurt my foot. So if you are physicly fit take her class if not DONT!!!!!
                
                   She's not the most organized woman in the world but she's really a sweet person.  Ask someone whose had her class what to expect from her tests.  She rarely uses material from the text and pulls half of the questions out of her rear.
                
                   He might be better with more experience, but DO NOT take him at 8 am. You will not get a single thing and you will have to teach yourself everything. 
                
                   Horrible at conveying his message.  Not approachable. 
                
                   He's a newish professor and it shows. The idea of online quizzes before lecture is greatly flawed when you don't know what you're doing wrong. At least there's extra credit opportunities 
                
                   still new at teaching. offered a lot of extra credit and help for the subject. just follow the syllabus
                
                   He is a new-ish professor so he's trying to find an effective teaching style. He will help you during office hours if you don't understand something.
                
                   This was one of the easiest classes I have ever taken. Each day that we had class she seemed very un-prepared and even quite rushed. The entire lecture lasted roughly 30 minutes out of what should have been 2 hours, after the lecture we stayed about 30  minutes completing group work. This class was quite disappointing since it is part of my major.
                
                   GREAT TEACHER! He presents the material well. Nice. Helpful. Assignments are simple and abundant but very helpful.
                
                   The material is repeated over and over. If you half read and do the assignments you'll be ok. You cant fail unless your just plain lazy.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Whats up with the really hard tests&#63; Its supposed to be a time to work out! Those tests are the reason I didn't do very well! There shouldn't be so much studying in a KINE class!!!! Don't take her if you can! Take aeoribic walking instead, or golf!!
                
                   about 4 homework assignments due throughout the semester... allows some extra credit to dismiss absences... VERY strict on absences and tardies!!... more pilates/yoga and misc. other workouts then aerobic dance done in class...tests are over worksheets and based off of memorization
                
                   This is an aerobic dance class.  In the beginning of the semester she admits that she doesnt do much aerobics and she doesnt do dance.  Great!  if you want to dance or you like aerobics, dont take this class with her.  She is very unorganized and expects more out of you than herself (attendance).
                
                   I enjoyed this class.  The topics were interesting and the platform is all debate with classmates and two Q&A personal projects.  There were no tests and since this was a "mini" class (13 days) I did not feel rushed.  My only objection was the required textbook.  Seriously?  All the information I needed was on the Internet.  
                
                   Very helpful professor. Easy grader and tests were easily passed if you put the time in to study for them. Would definitely recommend!
                
                   Lemke is a great professor. He really wants all of his students to pass. His lectures are pretty boring but it is worth going to class because he says things in class that will be on the test that arent on the slides. He grades very easily too. I would definitely take him again because he was an easy A.
                
                   Really nice prof who offers to help and always answers questions. He gives 20 bonus points at the end of the semester if you signed in every single class time. Two 3-5 page essays that he offers to proof read and 3 exams with an optional final. Tests are fairly straight forward as long as you study the power points. Take him!
                
                   Dr. Kodatt was by far the greatest professor I have had at Texas A&M.  I am changing my major because of Dr. Kodatt's course (she is so very helpful).  Dr. Kodatt is the hottest professor at Texas A&M.  Thanks Dr. Kodatt for such a great class.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Best prof this semester. Knows his stuff and doesn't even need a book or powerpoint. Definitely take him, you won't regret it!
                
                   He is not very clear on what he expects from his students. He asked us the first day of class if we all wanted an A. We of course said yes, so he told us if we did all of our work we would get an A. Well most of us ended up barely pulling off a B. He will be tricky about what he really expects.
                
                   I am a guy and loved her class anyway. Camille is a great prof and makes class enjoyable although challenging.
                
                   If you are a guy, forget getting an A.  If your a girl, just smile, be her friend, and you will get an easy A.  Her classes are unorganized, random, and completely boring.  Good luck staying awake.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   If you're a guy, you're asking for trouble!
                