
                   This class was horrible. I could tell she did not want to teach this class, which made all of the students not want to be there. The written tests were difficult because the questions were ambiguous. The study guides were not helpful. If I asked for clarification, she would not help. I am glad I am just a minor and do not need to put up with her.
                
                   I enjoyed attending her class. She helped me understand how to do modern dance and learn to love it. I could tell that she really loves to dance, which is refreshing. However, she is not organized and I didn't get to see my grades at all. But, I ended up with an A, so I guess I did well. 
                
                   I loved Pilates Apparatus! The tests were simple and she made the class very interesting and fun. She has a passion for anatomy, and it shows when we do group anatomy projects. There were 2 anatomy tests, 3 movements tests, and coloring homework. She grades easy. 
                
                   This class was interesting, but the professor was not organized. She made us grade each other, which I found to be rather lazy. Plus, every time I sent her a message asking for clarification, she told me to figure it out myself. The quizzes and tests were easy, but I felt she could have provided more time. She is not willing to help if needed.
                
                   The class overall was an easy class! You honestly have to try to NOT make a B or A. In other words, you'll definitely get an AB in the class. The only bummers were that attendance was mandatory, but your friend could always sign you in if needed. Her lectures aren't that interesting. 
                
                   Attendance is mandatory. she uses power points that she posts online. She has in class assignments that are super easy and are a big portion of your grade. If you read and listen in class you should make a B. If you outline the chapters with the power points you can easily make an A. She is a fair grader. Not hard material just a lot of it. 
                
                   Dr. Hudson is a great professor that really knows a lot about the sports industry and is willing to help everyone pass and get good grades. Lots of athletes in my class and he gave us lots of extra credit so they could do well! Would highly recommend him! 
                
                   Great professor, really helps you understand the industry. Gives extra credit. You're going to need to do the work and read for this class, but if you do so you will get a good grade. Take it in class to get the most of it if you care about sport management and if its your major, if not then online.
                
                   Take this class in a classroom not online. Hudson is great and wants everyone to do well
                
                   Dr. Hudson goes over most things in the power points daily, so show up to class. He gives great point by point reviews the class before a test. He also will give easy bonus points if you're in class on a specific day. Good content in class, good professor, wish I had gotten just a few more points for an A.
                
                   Class always went the full time. Doesn't take attendance and lectures aren't really necessary for the test. Have to read the book to pass the tests. He gives a review before every test but it isn't helpful if you don't read. Overall a pretty cool guy though. 
                
                   I thought this class would be an easy A but boy was i wrong. test are usually only 33 questions and he gives a review for each test. However the test review will only cover like half the questions that will be on the test so you MUST READ! Questions are tricky
                
                   I really struggled with Dr. Hudson's class unlike many of my other classes. The lectures are incredibly enjoyable and easy to understand but you MUST READ THE TEXTBOOK. Test questions will be  based on little details and designed to trip you up so read very carefully. I know many students who said this was an easy A but I definitely struggled.
                
                   1. Does not actually tell you what assignments he wants. 2. Does not test or grade fairly. 3. Does not even list assignments in the syllabus or how assignments are weighted. 4. Can't understand a word he says. 5. He's literally the dumbest person I've ever met.
                
                   There are several extra credit assignments that you basically have to do. If you read the textbook and practice the extra credit assignments ahead of time, you'll be prepared for the exam.  Grading is very partial to her judgement though. If you do not do something in the most efficient way, you'll get points taken off.  Material learned is helpful
                
                   My favorite prof at TAMU! Such a kind and helpful woman and she genuinely cares about her students. The Kine 240 class was fairly easy, and I went into expecting an easy, but boring A. This turned out to be my favorite class just because of Dr. Miller. 
                
                   Sweet Professor! Easy of course! I took beginners running with him.
                
                   Love her! she was great to learn from and i thoroughly enjoyed Ballroom dance. It is clear she loves what she is teaching and is very relate-able to the students. I would totally take it again if she hadn't taught me so well how to dance. I'd be bored if i took it again but only because I wouldnt learn anything new. Shes great!!!
                
                   She was my Zumba instructor and I loved her! She's British, so she's so fun to listen to, and she really cares about health and the class. There are weekly online quizzes but no tests or final. Super easy and I would take her again!
                
                   Rahn is a great prof! She is firm in her instruction but is always there to help and is very reasonable. There is a group effort health fair that you run at the end of the semester, which lets you actually interact with your peers and apply what you learned in class. I really enjoyed this class and wish I could take more classes from her!
                
                   Read each chapter, it will make the quizzes and exams much easier. Lots of questions come directly from the textbook. There are a few simple assignments. Class is very interesting.
                
                   Considering the information you'll learn in this class, it should be an easy A. Her lectures are pretty straight forward. Don't blow off studying. Has a few easy assignments and in class activities. Group project information is vague so it takes time to finish. Tests are relatively easy, again, study. Overall, has a sense of humor and lenient.
                
                   Professor Rhan is awesome. She is a great woman & is so easy to talk to. She has very informative and interesting lectures. The tests are very tough but there is no homework. Attendance is a grade. She gives several extra credits that are very easy to complete. I will definitely be looking to take more of her classes. 
                
                   She is a great professor, have had her for two classes and am looking for more classes to take with her in the near future. She is strict on attendance, but does give unexcused absences. She enjoys the topic and if she doesn't know the question won't try and make it up.
                
                   This class is not an easy A unless you're in really good physical shape, but even if you aren't the most fit you can still manage to pass. Rose makes you work for your grade and will not just hand it to you. Attendance is mandatory, every time you miss is 2 points off your grade. 2 tests 100 Q each, the 2nd test is cumulative Study & you'll be fine
                
                   I took Yoga with her and she was so nice. She doesn't expect you to be a professional yoga person and the skills test are completely participation grade not how well you do the poses. There is one group project and a written test as well as weekly journal entries that are very very easy. 
                
                   Professor Valdez is hilarious. I had him for Health 210 this semester. He always keeps class interesting and alive! He goes over the material kind of quick for this class but the pro is he lets you out early. His tests aren't bad at all. Really enjoyed his lectures this semester, would definitely take him again!
                
                   Best KINE Prof there is. The class is very fun and he is a comical lecturer. Although the quizzes are pretty tough, they're all online and course wide, so it's not his fault! Overall, I'd take it again for the fun of it!
                
                   There are 10-question quizzes due every week and you only have 6 minutes to take each one. The material is very specific and you need to review it a couple of times before taking the quizzes and exams. Only grades are the quizzes and 2 exams, so aim for an A on everything. Extra credit at the end if you fall short.
                
                   Grades consisted of 10 weekly quizzes and 2 exams, most of which contained straight forward questions with answers that can be found on Google.
                
                   Pretty easy class. There is a module due every week, which was a journal or a few short answer questions. You pretty much made a 100 on every thing if you just completed it. Just 1 exam and the final which are a little hard, just go through the book. If you fall short on the exams, there are 5-10 extra credit points at the end.
                
                   Dr. Sandlin is by far the best prof in the Health Department at A&M.  Tests were very easy and came from his PowerPoints. You don't even have to read the book. The stories he would tell were hilarious and there is no way that you would ever sleep through his class. Take him if you have the chance!!!
                
                   He emails a lot about updates and how you should contact him, but other than that the class was straight forward. Just do what the modules ask, and if you have a question then ask him. Just don't wait til the last minute. Tests are easy if you are familiar with the chapter content.
                
                   Very nice and easy A. 
                
                   Very easy course, counted as a science credit for my major.  Beth is very sweet and willing to help out a student. Attendance is mandatory however the class is simple.  Online homework due every week but takes no longer than 30 minutes.  Turn in your work and show up and you will get an A. You don't actually need the required textbook
                
                   She loves health and makes it an interesting subject. I took ice skating with her and she really makes an effort to help everyone do their best. In the lecture, there are weekly quizzes and no tests at all. You have to show up or you will miss out on the majority of points that she gives out. 
                
                   Would not recommend taking which is unfortunate due to the fact that the content is helpful & interesting. The class is a real beating for how little credit it's worth, the quizzes are impossible & even a different professor in the department noted that he had never made a 100 on any of them himself. The professor herself is unhelpful and rude.
                
                   Never really had a clear cut lecture from her. Just read the book and do all the extra credit and you should be fine. She was extremely lost considering it was her first year teaching, and she hates giving out lectures and prefers activities. Late at emailing back and misses class quite a bit. Overall the material was pretty common sense. 
                
                   Do the extra credit, read the book, and put in some effort and you will do fine. The professor gives out reviews before tests, which really help. But you also must read the book. 
                
                   If you show up to class, read the  chapters, and do the extra credit assignments, you will make a good grade. It does take effort, but because the information is interesting, it makes it easier! The test are specific so you have to read. Overall the professor is good--she wants you to do well and gives out reviews before tests. 
                
                   Super disorganized and scatter-brained, shows up late to class every time, and her "lectures" are the power points that come on the CD with the textbook for the class. Exams are 45 questions, but cover 150-200 pages of material and VERY SPECIFIC. Reviews don't match the questions on the exam. Wouldn't take again. First year prof.
                
                   Fehr is a great prof who really cares about her students and what she teaches. She is fun and approachable! Class isn't too hard as long as you pay attention in lecture and study for the three exams and cumulative final. She is really easy going and makes learning a blast! I hope to take her again!
                
                   Dr. Fehr is so great! I highly recommend taking her if you have the chance. She loves what she teaches about and is really great with grades and emails. IF you have questions, ask, she always has an answer! She gives a ton of extra credit, but you have to go to class. Never used my textbook, and tests are fairly easy!
                
                   Always has a few extra credit questions at the end of each exam. If you come to class and participate/listen to the lectures, the tests won't be hard. No textbook. Lots of other extra credit opportunities by attending various events. Super sweet, and always willing to help.
                
                   Dr Fehr is awesome! One of the only professors I've had that genuinely cares about her students. You have to show up to class, but often she cuts class short of we're ahead. Very little homework. If you take good notes you'll make an A on the tests and in the class. She also gives tons of extra credit.
                
                   Dr. Fehr is a great professor and a big ball of energy! She is very passionate about what she teaches and just health in general. She gives extra credit and the tests are not hard at all. I strongly recommend taking her for Intro to the Discipline or any other classes that she teaches. Thank you and Gig Them.
                
                   Dr. Fehr is one of my favorite teachers I've had so far. She is definitely there for you and gives you every opportunity to succeed in her class. If you have the opportunity to take her, don't hesitate!
                
                   Dr. Fehr is an amazing Prof. I am so Glad I took her class. she does give a lot of extra credit  on exams and also for showing up to class. Attendance is mandatory though and thus is part of your grade. Her tests are fairly easy, 3 in total and a cumulative final. You Can Study the night before an exam and make an A on her test. Take her if you Can
                
                   SHE IS AWESOME!!! tests are easy. attendance mandatory or 5 points taken off each time you miss. but she gives SO SO SO much extra credit and is just an all around great prof. class is really enjoyable and she actually teaches in a way so you learn in class and really don't have to study. AGAIN, SHE IS GREAT AND YOU SHOULD TAKE HER!!!! 
                
                   Take her. Funny and super nice. Has to be one of the easier classes you will take at A&M. Bunch of extra credit and in class assignments are very basic and mostly completion. Tests are straightforward from powerpoints and gives obvious hints about what will be on the tests..
                
                   Not many assignments, usually in-class group work graded on participation. Gives hints for tests, makes lectures fun to learn, and tests are pretty easy. She was funny to me. Should be an easy A if you study what she tells you to.
                
                   Dr. Fehr is the sweetest woman! She makes her lectures as interesting as possible and usually cuts class about 10-15 minutes short. She even will cancel class if we are ahead in lecture. The material is super easy if you take notes and study them. She also gives tons of extra credit- no reason not to make an A. I would definitely take her again!!
                
                   This class was ridiculously easy. Everything is online, and assignments are short and sweet. Longest thing we had to do was go see a performance and make a powerpoint about it. Take this class for sure!
                
                   I liked Carisa. She is not, however, one of the best dance instructors that I have ever had. Every time I asked her a question regarding technique, it took her forever to explain it to me (I never understood what she was saying). She seemed to never want to be in class, which made me not want to attend. 
                
                   I took this class over winter break and loved it. It was very easy and she made the tests very simple. The final is a combination of the previous quizzes, so be sure to write down the questions after you take the quizzes. The other assignments were very easy. This class is an easy A.
                