
                   We have to beg for everything. Can help but won't 
                
                   he is gud
                
                   Everything unclear throughout the semester. At the end your only point to satisfy will be "you are the reason that this professor is surviving and living his life"
                
                   Waste professor. He doesn't have any teaching skills. He must work for a company where he dont need to explain what he is doing.
                
                   great professor
                
                   Dr. Nuri is in my top 5 professors of all time because he cares for every student and makes sure every student is understanding the material whether it be EEEN 2323(Network Analysis I), EEEN 2340(Digital Logic Design), EEEN 3321(Network Analysis II), and EEEN4336(Wireless Sensor Networks).
                
                   Expect lots of homework on some days and others not so much. It's not Overwhelming but it will take a night or two before to finish. With questions he is a bit rude sometimes but it's a morning class so that could be why. Don't miss class because he gives random quizzes. 
                
                   Great professor. Gives a clean idea of the class, but expect lots of work. If you work hard and don't make good grades, still you will be ok. Don't miss his class. 
                
                   really good professor, breaks down the chapter and offers different ways to look at the topic. will have quizzes and homework. Exams are exactly like the homework so make sure you keep up with them .
                
                   He's one of the best professors in EE department, cool and super nice
                
                   Doesn't care to help you, will sometimes make you feel stupid if you don't understand something, likes to give you a lot of quizzes with almost no time and grades you on things that he didn't mention was part of the assignment
                
                   I wish he were a senior courses professor.
                
                   Awesome professor. He is my favorite prof. He knows the subjects really well. He is my role model
                
                   he is very helpful.
                
                   Really easy to understand. Class was a breeze. He talks about alot of interesting ideas and his group projects were fun. The lab wasn't to bad just alittle confusing if you missed as much class as I did. His tests are easy too.
                
                   Really easy to understand. Class was a breeze. He talks about alot of interesting ideas and his group projects were fun. The lab wasn't to bad just alittle confusing if you missed as much class as I did. His test are easy too.
                
                   helpful and you actualy learn something, the class is easy, this teacher is worth your time
                
                   Great!
                
                   No Comments
                
                   He has a good grip on the subject, he teaches very well. He's always available to help students out. JAI TELANGANA
                
                   He is a network guru.  He is crystal clear in his concepts.  He makes you think a lot and gets the answer from the students for the questions posed by other students.  If you follow the class right from first and do your work properly it is a highly beneficial course.  As a person he is soft and nice.
                