
                   Learned more in her class than any other class in major, and had her in summer! She spends extra time with students struggling, and makes you want to hear her lecture! Talks fast, goes too fast, but reviews and tells stories to relate. Treats all students the same and is fair, which is rare in this department, but she really cares. Best professor.
                
                   great teacher she awesome and fair as long as you show up to class
                
                   He is one funny guy! I Had him for nutrition I learned a lot and actually lost weight in his class. Also he is attractive which is an added bonus
                
                   Very cool professor. If you receive below a "B" in his Foundations of Kinesiology class, then you just didn't try at all. He gives you all the resources needed to make an A. He makes class fun and he is really funny!
                
                   A good coach overall, but he can be a bit patronizing towards students at times
                
                   You absolutely need to read the chapters he says to read before you come to class. He likes to interact with the class ans ask questions as he lectures. Tests aren't hard and are straight from the book (he gives you the study guide). When your doing the programs, start early on them and email him the unfinished program so he can give you feedback.
                
                   Yes. Take her class. Like for sure.
                
                   She is a very cool instructor.  Took her for elementary and the class was a breeze.  She is very reasonable, and if you have any questions she will answer them.  Very helpful as well.  TAKE THIS PROFESSOR 
                
                   Mr. Woods is an amazing teacher!! Have him for Foundations of Kinesiology, and he is phenomenal! He is a very inspiring teacher, and you know he enjoy teacher his students. A must have teacher for this course.
                
                   Justin was a great weight training instructor! Don't worry, Justin will be right out!
                
                   Professor Miller was incredible, unlike most lab instructors that you see sitting behind their desk, she interacts with her students on a level that encourages learning and understanding of the lessons. She is very approachable and is always willing to answer any questions or further explain concepts from class.  She inspires to go above and beyond
                
                   Easy class! Made over 100. Quizzes are online. Check offs are a little nerve wrecking, but are super easy! Not much HW, but you defintely learn.
                