
                   Don't get the book. I recommend recording lectures because it's a lot of info and reading the notes isn't enough, you need his commentary. Tests are hard, avg was 65-75. But 80-100 is an A. His lectures are fun,  he doesn't take attendance but don't skip them you'll regret it. 
                
                   His tests are hard and require deep understanding of the information. I recommend going to class and having group study sessions in order to pass the class. He wants his students to succeed so he gives a big curve at the end of the semester. (i.e. 80% and above is considered an A). I defiantly would recommend this professor. 
                
                   Dr. Chapkin is a good professor, funny and keeps you interested. We didn't use the book at all, he lectures on articles and other information. Everything is posted in Elearning for the class. It is a lot of studying  and hard work but he knows what he is talking about and is very passionate about Nutrition. I recommend taking him.
                
                   Sweetest lady in the entire world. Absolutely love her! TAKE TALLEY.
                
                   she is very nice
                
                   You have a dietary project which is an easy A if you do it, all the test questions come from the review she gives you and you do not even have to print out the lecture notes! The is honestly the easiest class I have ever taken!
                
                   I loved this class. Super interesting and she obviously has a passion for the subject that translates in her teaching. Tests weren't bad at all. Pop quizzes really helped. 
                
                   She definitely knows her stuff! You have to go to her lectures and read the book to fully understand it. Her tests aren't too bad as long as you study. There is a lot of memorization so make sure you study a lot. Overall, she was a great professor!
                
                   She's a tough professor but I highly recommend her. Attending lecture and reading the text book is a must. Studying for this class takes a while but it's worth it. The exams are straightforward and there aren't any trick questions. They're easy if you study. She gives optional pre-lecutre quizzes that can help boost your grade. Take her.
                
                   Dr. Geismar is engaging and funny. Her lectures are long, but she gives you her powerpoint, and you fill it in as you go. The book isn't really necessary, the slides are sufficient, but you have to buy it because you need access to an online program for a project. She gives pop quizzes, some are extra credit. You have to study, but an A is possible
                
                   Textbook is required only for the access code for a project, otherwise don't need. Requires a clicker - pop quizzes, and attendance recorded. Take pictures of the "clicker count questions" and use those to study for the test. All powerpoints are posted on ecampus, you must attend class to fill in the blanks for your notes. Important info is bolded.
                
                   I loved Geismar! She was so sweet and fun. Her exams are not too bad if you do learning objectives. Would definitely recommend!
                
                   TAKE HER!!! Geismar wrote the book and gets all her slides/learning objectives from it word for word. Her test questions are only over the learning objectives she provides so study those and you're good. There is also a super easy project that's weighted as a test. Easy A if you study.
                
                   I absolutely loved Karen Geismar. She is my favorite professor! She's very passionate about her career and very helpful. I would take her again in a heartbeat!
                
                   I loved Mrs. Geismar! She was such a happy nice lady. Go to the lectures and study the learning objectives and you'll definitely pass. I got A's on every test. There are pop quizzes but you can use notes and friends. One project but it's mostly just busy work and an easy A. Highly recommended!
                
                   You have to go to class to fill in the notes she gives during lecture. Gives pop quizzes with the iclickers but she lets you use your notes. Tests were ough but as long as you study the learning objectives she gives you'll pass. I didn't use the textbook but you will need the code from it for the nutriwellness project, so buy it!
                
                   honestly thought this class was gonna be pretty easy, which is not. I am a student who gets normally all A's  and this class is nothing like I expected it. I read the book & do all the notes & still struggle to get a B on a test. Idk if it's just me overthinking everything but I find each of her exams fairly hard. I would look into a diff prof
                
                   I loved this class! Her tests are exactly the same as her notes, with some stuff from the book in them. If you read and go to class, you'll do awesome! There's an easy project at the end and she does iclicker  questions that are easy. She's really sweet, and always gives hints for test questions! 
                
                   She's so weird that it's funny! Involves clicker questions for pop quizzes and "attendance." Lectures are long and might need textbook to clarify. You really need to study, but if you do, the class should be easy. There is a project that requires time but again should be easy. No assignments, just exams. Gives hints for tests too.
                
                   Mandatory to go to class due to clicker questions and to fill in the blanks on the notes that she posts on e-campus. She tells you exactly what to study for exams (study guide questions for every chapter). Study those and its an easy A!! Super easy project at the end of the semester. Very interesting class and wonderful prof!! Would take again :)
                
                   She's a funny & sweet professor. She is willing to help out in any way and cares about her students. She is fun to listen to and ends class early every day. I loved her class. Study the learning objectives for the tests & you can skip class most of the time. 
                
                   I loved this class! She is a great professor! Make sure to go to class, take notes, do the online quizzes  pop quizzes, and study the learning objectives. You will be fine if you do all of this. Anything she says twice in class will mostly likely be on the exam. Focus on studying the power points she posts online! Highly recommend. 
                
                   This class honestly wasn't bad for me. She has fill-in-the-blank powerpoints which contain all of the information you need for the tests. The tests themselves are straight-forward so long as you study the learning objectives. There is an easy project and lots of little grade-booster grades, so take advantage of those
                
                   Her tests are normally averages in high c or low b range. She gives 5 pop quizzes in class and her powerpoints have blanks you need to fill in so it is helpful to go to class. She also has online prepost lecture quizzes which help with studying and can be used for extra credit. 3 tests AND a final that is cumulative plus a project that is easy.
                
                   I took this class early in the morning so I didn't go as often as I should've and it definitely cost me. She's a great teacher and she makes her lectures interesting. However, she gives LOTS of pop quizzes so you really need to be there. (oops)
                
                   She is a really great professor. Her lectures are very easy to follow and she always tries to make it interesting. If you go to class and just pay attention, then you will learn a lot. For test, you will still need to study. I would recommend going through the learning objectives for each chapter and making sure you know those.
                
                   Very entertaining, and fun to listen to. She makes the lectures interesting.
                
                   This class was extremely easy only if you are there every single day! I recommend you on not buying the book since I never used it. Do the wiley plus work since she pulls questions from the practice quizzes! Her class is very fun and she keeps you entertained. I highly recommend on taking her class. Also use studyblue to take the practice exams.
                
                   Mrs. Geismar is probably my favorite professor so far! She is funny, enjoys her work, and is willing to help students. Definitely recommend her!
                
                   Dr. Beathard is a great professor. This is an easy class as long as you attend. Attendance is taken and it matters. One midterm & final... basically split up into first & second semester speakers . One group project, put in the work and get an A. Come to class and learn from various speakers as to what directions you can take in your field.
                
                   This class was super easy. If you go to class and answer the questions on the presentation pages you will be fine. Study hard for the tests because there are only two! One group project that is also easy.
                
                   The work required for this seminar class is more than necessary. I took notes based on the presentation pages she gives you for each speaker but that wasn't enough for the exams. The group project is easy and there a bunch of little homework assignments to help boost your grade but if you don't do well on either of the tests you're kind of screwed.
                
                   This class was super easy and just like AGLS. You listen to a different speaker everyday and fill out a presentation page. Attendance is required, and there is only a mid-term and a final (non-cumulative). Can be an interesting class; the speakers are based off of career paths you can take with NUTR or FSC. There is a group project, but it's a joke
                
                   Takes attendance, takes points off if you miss too many lectures. Exams are based on questions you need to fill out when speakers come to your class. Easy class as long as you study and do all of the assignments. 
                
                   Her class was not what I expected. It was more like college 101. She only taught the class once. She had speakers come in every day to talk about things offered at A&M along with different companies/ professional people who spoke about what they did. It was good to know, and I took a lot from it, just not what I expected. Easy but don't under estim
                
                   Dr. Beathard is a very sweet lady, class is mandatory for Nutrition majors and is an easy A. She takes attendance, so go to class otherwise points are deducted. Hardest thing about the class is the group project because it's hard to find times to meet up. Overall, go to class and do the presentation pages and you'll get an A.
                