
                   Incredible teacher! Really knows his stuff and encourages me to think on my own instead of having ideas and facts fed to me.
                
                   SOOOOO HARD.  Tests are horrible, no way to study for them.  talks about religion way too much.  no curve.  interesting...but you're going to get a C or lower.
                
                   Prof. Longstreet is one of the best professors I have had at A&M. He makes you write one long paper at the end of the semester but he gives you so much help that you really shouldn't have a problem. There is a ton of reading for this class but all of it is interesting.
                
                   I went into this class looking at the two poor reviews Dr. Karasipahi had on this site. Those negative reviews are not helpful or true. This class isn't "easy" but it is really rewarding. She is a great lecturer, knows a lot about her subject, is very respectful, is helpful if you ask nicely, and genuinely wants her students to succeed.
                
                   So as a junior at Texas A&M, I've had my fair share of good and bad professors. But I promise you, NONE, have been as terrible and awful as this professor. Believe me when I say that you are literally wasting your money taking her class. Does not give any form of online assistance (readings, video links, announcements, grades). DON'T DO IT!
                
                   Unwilling to do any work to help the class. Didn't post any readings, and didn't talk to library reserves to get them up, so we could not access them, but she still expected us to participate in the discussions. Also will not let you take notes on a laptop. She will deduct a full letter grade. She does not care if her students learn
                
                   Her class was  awesome! Is pretty easy to make a good B or A, but only if you do your work. We had no tests (thank god) but there are readings (long ones) and she knows if you have read or not by how you did on the pop quizzes (once every-week). Class is a small group. And is discussion based. Stuff can get a bit repetitive but is interesting.. :D 
                