
                   So far at WTAMU she is my favorite professor. She is insightful and respects students and she keeps your attention. She does grade slightly hard, not to the point you would fail but you may not make a 100 on every single thing. I would not say it's an easy A there are assignments weekly and quizzes they are time consuming not hard.
                
                   Every single absence will count against you, even if you are sick, death in the family, or get in a wreck. The problem is a few of us were told not to worry about absences, then we find out otherwise. It's up to her discretion on how many points you will lose, funny how we all lost just enough so we have to take her final to maintain an A. 
                
                   She is a very sweet lady and fairly new to teaching. Transferring in from a different school I was surprised how many people still don't know how to use APA format and I was bored out of my mind the first two weeks while she went over that. I don't really agree with many of her lectures but she does grade fairly and engages students.
                
                   I found his class to be time consuming but fairly easy if you just put some thought into your responses. Every week you answer a discussion question and respond to a classmate then there are a few assignments spread out over the semester. If you don't wait till last minute you will be fine. 
                
                   Amy is an amazing instructor and everyone really likes her. She is smart, kind, caring, interesting, funny, has a great personality, and has a beautiful soul. She gives a crap ton of work but is one of the best instructors you will ever have. She is always willing to help even if it's for a class she isn't teaching. Cant say enough positives!!!!
                
                   Professor Hord is really nice and passionate about social work. She is willing to help you out if you ask for it and gives exam reviews in advance. 
                
                   Doesn't hand back the homework or tests so you don't know what you did wrong. Has a very thick accent that makes it difficult to understand at times. He gets himself confused when doing the math problem on the board. Had to drop the class since he waits forever to post grades and I didn't know I was failing until November.
                
                   I didn't have any trouble getting my grades from Professor P. He expects students to follow directions. If you follow them to a "t" then you will pass. 
                
                   If you can take this course with someone else, do so. he is tough on you when it comes to grading and he takes forever to post grades. maybe 6 weeks before the first set of grades were posted. it makes it difficult to know if you are passing. prepare to write long papers on stuff you have no idea how to do. 
                
                   Great professor!! She is very willing to work with you and uses power point for her lectures.
                
                   She is super helpful and a really good teacher. Would def recommend for anyone attending WT and needs a credit
                
                   She is a super fun lady. She is very helpful and makes an effort to get to know her students.  She uses a power point for her notes and emails it to you. so if you miss something in class you have a copy. She really loves her job and you can tell. I recommend this class to anyone.
                
                   doesn't take much time outside of school. Very helpful, nice guy.
                
                   Good teacher, has experience in what he is teaching, interesting, not difficult, just go to class
                
                   Can be scattered; but know the topic and will discuss them with you.  Tests are never the same. Elective topics are fun but there is work.  Approachable
                
                   I don't know how this woman does all that she does and still manages to make every student feel important. She is very helpful, enthusiastic and nice as can be. Gives great feedback and makes class enjoyable. She's very intelligent and a hardworker. She gives very reasonable assignments and tests. She's always smiling and she will warm your heart!
                
                   Great teacher, very fun class.
                
                   awesome instructor!
                
                   No Comments
                
                   great instructor
                
                   Mrs. Moore is a very special teacher. She really cares about the progress and success of each and every student.
                
                   Ditto, ditto, and more ditto!
                
                   Brenda's extremely helpful and like the other comment said, really energetic.  She seems really hip and &quot;with it&quot; unlike some of out other professors around here.  Geez!  Wish she could be my prof. for all my classes!
                
                   Excellent teacher and VERY enthusiastic.  She is always willing to take time to help each student.
                
                   The course should not be a stressful process. The fact is she really grades harsh. Not everyone should teach. Tons of writing and projects so get ready. If you have the time great if not beware. She is not flexible at so make sure you do everything on time. She feels that students should not ask her questions only answer hers.
                
                   He's awesome and very fun! Totally recommend!
                
                   I had her for various classes. She is by far my favorite professor of all. She really cares about her students and is so positive!!!
                
                   I LOVE Mrs. Pichardo!  I've taken all her clasess & got "A"s in all of them.  All exam info is in her power points which she posts online. She gives an extra 10pts. for perfect attendance.  Tests are mostly multiple choice, a couple essay questions. Didn't buy the text, didn't need to.  She keeps one in the library if you don't buy one. EASY PEASY!
                
                   Ms. Pichardo was very kind and helpful throughout the course.
                
                   She is very knowledgeable and friendly. She welcomes any questions and is very approachable. She is the only professor for Social Work at TAMUCC, so we are lucky!
                
                   Ms. Pichardo is a great teacher. I really enjoyed her class this semester and have no complaints.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   He teaches by giving real life scenario's. He is a good teacher and very fair.
                
                   Very nice person but terrible instructor! She teaches on a grad schooldoctorate level and she grades her test, quizzes, and assignments even harder. Pay strict attention and try to quote word for word on your test and quizzes and you "might" pass with a low B or high C.  I hope you love group work because its a lot of it. Avoid her at all cost! 
                
                   Exception instruction. I am most thankful to have had her as my professor.   She is NOT for slackers! If you are not serious about your education, are not  supplemental reader,  or one at all, you will do miserably in her class. Hate her now,  love her later! I am doing VERY well in graduate school. 
                
                   Very confusing instructions. Too much unnecessary group work. Mediocre teaching style but expects you to grasp the whole concept comprehensively. Grades extremely hard on assessments. I will try my hardest to avoid this professor.
                
                   Professor Greytak is a great instructor and is very helpful. I took her online research statistics class. Assignments are due on Sundays and there is typically one homework assignment due each week which is easy if you review her lectures. At the end of the course there is a capstone project along with a final, a midterm, and 2 quizzes.
                
                   At first you might think this class is difficult but Dr. Greytak is very helpful! She is very organized and if you stay on top of your assignments, the coursework isn't bad at all. I definitely recommend her class!
                
                   I took Professor Kivett for two classes.  He is the epitome of the "bubble of calm."  I will emulate him in my interactions with my clients.  His lectures are interesting.  His rich life experiences are apparent in his client stories.  Sadly, this is his last semester at Texas A&M_Central Texas.
                
                   This was a very interesting and easy class. Do your homework and you will pass.
                
                   This professor needs his own show. Keeps you interested in the lectures and provides great examples from experiences and scenarios to go with his lectures. Pop quizzes sometimes, provides an outline for his test too. Book required but is not used too much. Recommend!
                
                   Professor Parrish, as a combat veteran and Army Officerbrings both brilliant historical insight,and the real life horrors of war into convergence. As a Social Worker, he is my hero!
                
                   Online, upper level elective. A great class I believe most people should take, I learned a lot. Professor responds quickly to emails/messages; provides good, extensive feedback on work. There were no test or quizzes, hope you enjoy writing
                
                   Awesome instructor. Very friendly & approachable,allows emails, calls, appts, etc for extra help if needed. Uses a lot of powerpoints so in most classes the books are mainly used for reinforcement.(except for the DSM in mh)Most of her papers require an annotated bibliography. tests not difficult if you learn to apply theories, sampling methods, etc
                
                   Took her for service learning class, she is too hyper! Class is super easy, just be prepared to do silly activities and discuss your volunteer site. She does advise well if she advises you too!
                
                   One of my favorite classes so far. Very interesting and informative. I cannot say its "hard" we must remember these are university classes, cant expect easiness. Just study. Professor knows her stuff for sure.
                
                   The class was very good
                
                   She is very hard, but it is worth it.  Everything she teaches you will be used.  If you do not understand she will explain it.
                
                   Have had her for required courses & electives. Very intelligent instructor. Participation counts. It can be difficult, but all sw courses require you to learn & apply info. given, dont just memorize it. She gives lots of handouts, be sure to read them & be prepared to discuss the readings!
                
                   
                
                   Dr. Rappaport knows a great deal about what she is teaching! She is so knowledgeable, and she gets the info to you in a straightforward manner. She gives reviews for the tests-and she allows notecards. She has quizzes, but none are so hard that you will fail. She grades most things based on the content you put forward. Fair teacher overall.
                
                   She has quizzes at the begining of class to make sure you come and her tests are pretty difficult even with a note card. We watched several viseos which were on the test. We did not use a book but she had handouts for each section everyday reading.
                
                   Mrs. Molina is a firm but fair instructor. I felt in the beginning of class she was tough, but there was a method to her madness, which was to preparing you for the social work, also she always remained professional in my opinion.
                
                   Pretty fair teacher, for intro to social work, both of her test were all vocabs !
                
                   had this teacher for intro and service learning.  She is fair !!!  NO test for service learning but lots of papers to write.  For into to social work, both her mid terms and finals were all vocab words.
                
                   Ms. Hector is not a helpful teacher. She does not teach or go over the literature assigned for homework. There is no clarity in her class so the test are confusing and do not follow the reading. She seems to me to be a lazy teacher. There are few powerpoints maybe 2 the whole semester and no discussion about the readings.
                
                   Prof Hector really made the class come to life- we went to town hall meetings, met with city members and gave a presentation to city council. I still want to do clinical work, but I will never forget the great experience in her class.
                
                   She is not a good teacher at all! I think she knows her stuff, but some people are just not cut out to be teachers. Her class discussions were pointless, and her tests were outta there! No learning goes on in her classes. She gives NO reviews and she DOES NOT REALLY LECTURE, so good luck with tests! If you are used to self-teaching, you'll be ok.
                
                   Mrs. Moore is a wonderful instructor.  She is in tune with students, an she makes it known that she is available to you.  Mrs. Moore wants you to succeed. Listen and follow her guidelines.  She puts all her curriculum in plain sight of you. Follow through on your side and I promise you that you will grow from what this woman has to say and teach.
                
                   She's a good professor but a little unorganized at times. She's not so much of a tough grader and she does give good feedback. My percentage grade was little off but I still got an A so I did not make it a big deal. I believe this is her last semester teaching traditional classes. She does came about her students.  I would recommend taking her. 
                
                   We need more teachers like her in the social work department.
                
                   Ms. Fuller is a teacher who truly cares about her students. She definitely knows the topics we are discussing in class. I love her class. She makes me want to come to class. As a matter of fact, I look forward to Tuesdays and Thursdays at 930 am. I would absolutely take another class with her if it was offered.
                
                   took her for intro to social work. Tests were online and you have 3 chances, she tajes the higher grade and we did use the book. somehwhat easy. she takes attendance when she sees a lot of people aren't there. overall okay teacher. shes really not difficult if she sees you're concerned with your grades and the class you'll definitely pass
                
                   This professor was absolutely awful. She did not know how to teach field internship class at all. She did not give instructions but then expected you to follow the instructiona she didn't give. Run from taking her class!!!
                
                   No Comments
                
                   She is really bringing down The Social Work Department.
                
                   She is very confusing and changes policies frequently. With organization, she could be a great professor. Many good ideas, but can get lost in the details.
                
                   One of the most passionate teachers ever!
                
                   I love her and her passion for the profession of social workers.
                
                   She is a great teacher, and very passionate about the social work profession. She can seem really intimidating at first, but she is fair, and I enjoyed her class. Looking forward to another one from her this spring.
                
                   Best instructor I have ever had in 5 years of college. Do whatever you can to take as many classes from her as possible. She is so smart and I am so grateful that I had the opportunity to take her classes. She's so passionate about all of her work. You will learn so much from her.  This woman is a gift from God! She makes you want to be your best.
                
                   patsy is an awesome teacher! She cares about her students and you learn a lot from her! Anyone taking her class should pay attention and study, b/c she isn't an easy blow off teacher.
                
                   She sticks to the course outline with no variation. Comes off very gruff, but is very nice and helpful. Dont miss class!!!
                
                   She is big on apa and it's a lot of work he tests are worded difficultly but she is nice
                
                   Mo is a great professor and she is very understanding!! I would recommend taking taking any class she teaches
                
                   Maureen Cuevas is not a good prof.  If she doesn't like you, then she does all she can to be down right mean to you.  I have seen her be mean to students in front of the entire class.  She is not someone who has the respect of her students.
                
                   Mo has a problem with taking responsibility for her own actions.  If you ever make her mad, you better watch out!
                
                   I highly recommend Mo. She's a great teacher and person. I loved being in her class :)
                
                   Mo is the greatest! She is very laid back and loves to just enjoy being around us. She is very lineant and will find ways to help you if needed.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                