
                   No Comments
                
                   You should go to lectures even though you won't be able to understand half of what he says. He gives practice tests and quizzes that are nothing like the exams. The exams are super long and barely anybody finishes them. I would take another professor. 
                
                   Going to lecture is pointless, you will learn nothing and won't understand anything he says. The test are hard and long, although he does provide a practice test. Recitation hw and quizzes are pretty easy and you will need to do well on them to help your grade. He is also super rude outside of class.
                
                   Can't understand him,heavy accent. Not helpful, outside class. Recitation is easy however. Tests are hard, although he does provide practice tests that are similar.
                
                   Dr. Miles is an excellent professor. The people below are just butthurt because they thought they could get by in a 400 level class with 100 level effort; that doesn't make it "hard." If you want to go to professional school, Dr. Miles is excellent. His guidelines are clear, he gives HW that is exactly like the exam, and he doesn't trick you.
                
                   Biochemistry is a tough class. The  lectures can be a bit overwhelming because there is so much information. His objectives list is a big help and his prof notes has what you need. His exams are hard. No curve. Apparently this semester's students in his highest achieving group in his teaching career. I am getting a B. I sticking with him for 411.
                
                   I hated ochem, but I love this class. He  repeats random things a lot, but will also breeze over other things, so make sure you're paying attention the first time. Not very  personable in office hours. Doesn't give partial credit on workout which can hurt. The homework can be a pain but really helps come test time. Make sure you do it. GO to class!
                
                   Getting an A in this class is not impossible, but it is not easy. Like any other science class you have to study hard if you want to succeed. If you go to class everyday, take notes, read the prof notes, and study  the objectives there is not reason to get anything lower than 90% in every exam. Take Dr. Miles if you plan to go to medical school.
                
                   Horrendous professor. Talks about nothing for 25% of the class and breezes through the important stuff. A lot of people fail all of the tests, and he has said nothing about a curve.
                
                   he is not helpfull when asking questions his tests are way to hard cover way to much information that you will have to be responsible for all if it and tests are often designed to trick students you dont get your old exams back and you are not privileged to any of his old exams
                
                   My biggest problem with his class was his lectures. The power points had multiple errors in them, he might go back and fix later. Those notes were difficult to study since we would sometimes end up with 4 different versions of how to do a problem. Also, his test had errors on them and if you didn't check your test you could easily lose 10  points.
                
                   He makes his class overly difficult to force us to really learn the material, but ends up curving. His Chinese accent is VERY strong. You have old exams to look over on Howdy. He's willing to help you out if you can work out a time. 
                
                   His accent is very hard to understand so you have to pay close attention during the lectures to get anything he is saying, especially because the slides and book suck. The tests are  difficult, but he is really good about giving extra credit opportunities. The class is  hell, but if you stick it out you should be able to make an A or a B. 
                
                   He offered extra credit options for points on a test grade but as we all turned it in after spending countless hours trying to answer the questions and he said oh I don't think any of you will get it right.
                
                   Do not ever take his class. If you get put in one of his class sections drop it during add/drop week. He seems like a nice person in general but it is extremely difficult to understand what he is saying in class. His tests are ridiculous given the time allowed. 
                
                   Dr. Polymenis is great!  Makes Biochem 2 EZPZ
                
                   great!
                
                   Mullins presents the material in a great way
                
                   Mullins is the best prof for biochem 410, very easy
                
                   She is better than Dr. Miles.  Her tests are still extremely difficult, but at the end of the class you will be very prepared for the MCAT if that is the route you are planning on going.  She provides tons of online problems, worksheets and other study materials that are very helpful. 
                
                   Much better than Dr. Miles.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                