
                   Her class is very easy all of the notes are online as well as reading material I NEVER use the book in her class ,so don't order it. As long as you show up and read the material there is no reason you should get anything less than an A. She knows what she is talking about and is passionate about her work so take it seriously.
                
                   Pretty easy class, tons of articles to read.  She does a good job of keeping the class current, but it does get boring at times.  I would take her classes again.
                
                   Does a good job 
                
                   Took her over the summer, I feel like that's the only reason I got a B she couldn't get around to the rest of the material and have us all a A on the final. 
                
                   Fiaud is a genius. Very interesting class but also very in depth. Study study study.
                
                   I had Personal Fitness Concepts with her and it was beyond easy! She would go over powerpoint during class and you do many 5 labs over your personal fitness. Her test reviews are exactly like the test. If you do the reviews you will pass the test.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   A monkey could present her lecutures all she does is read from the powerpoint slides when not talking about her kids. Homework is given just simply as busy work! Tests are very difficult and do not necessarily cover what she says they will. Assigned a 10 page paper! Very unsure, constantly changes her mind about what she wants done.
                
                   Very Straightforward, very picky about people cleaning up after themselves, sticks tightly to the attendance and tests come straight from the book. very willing to help improve technique
                
                   I had this prof for Pilates Mat. It was a very easy annd relaxing class. The prof was really sweet. It was her first semester teaching here, but she did a good job. I never had to study for skill exams. She always was willing to help girls who couldn't do some of the exercises. Everyone really liked this class and Miss Byrne.
                
                   While Denise is a genuinely nice person, I had her for KINE 120 and she had no idea what she was doing so the online portion of the class was super confusing and you'd have to email her a bunch of times to get a response. Otherwise, if you just do the  online portion (weekly quizzes and assignments) you should get an A
                
                   I loved Denise. She's super fun and loves her students. I was a little shocked at the tougher grading for the skills exams, but just go over the moves throughout the week and you'll be fine. Take her if you can!! She's awesome. I never used the textbook, but I took videos when we went over the moves for the skills exams which helps a ton! 
                
                   I always looked forward to going to this class. I had her for water aerobics and I had a wonderful time.
                
                   I had her for water aerobics, and the workouts are easy even if you're not physically fit.  You can only miss two classes, so attendance is really important.  She wasn't a bad instructor, and the class overall was pretty tame.
                
                   The class itself was not that hard. However, the attendance is the hard part. You can't miss more than two classes or it's pretty much impossible it pass. DO NOT take it for an 8am. She was a bit rude at times. She tends to favor those who are more physically fit. She tends to embarrass students that don't do things correctly.
                
                   She yells and her class is hard.  She has even made fun of her students in front of the entire class.
                
                   Swimming....never be tardy, it is better to not come than be tardy.  The tests come straight from the review sheets.  Not much effort is required for the class.  Swim workouts are easy, even for the &quot;fast&quot; lane (s).
                
                   His class is very simple and he is a great guy. He always made you feel welcome and related well with students. I looked forward to his class and he taught me a lot.
                
                   Took him for archery and his class was fun and easy on the grading. The class was kind of mundane, but he offers lots of extra credit and bonus shooting rounds and stuff. Nice guy who helps me a lot. 
                
                   She's easy. It's easy to pass her class.
                
                   Swimmming
                
                   I love Melinda. She is super fun and full of energy. She sets such a great mood for class everyday. However, she is not a push over, don't assume her bright and happy personality to be reason for slacking on your part. She is very fair and expects from you  exactly what she says she expects. Do your work and you will make an A, and have a blast!!!
                
                   Good guy, likes to be referred as Jay/Jae same sound doesn't make any difference. Cool instructor who likes to teach students about soccer. Just practice your soccer skills and review a long sheet of information about soccer to take a 40 questions final exam. Fun class.
                
                   Ms. Clements is an excellent taekwondo instructor.  She's incredibly willing to help students inside and out of class, explains concepts well, and maintains a friendly/fun classroom atmosphere.  As long as you're trying you'll do well.  You WILL need to practice outside of class in order to learn the moves and forms proficiently.
                
                   Dr quynh is Great! fast talker, but very funny and awesome! I had for Community Health, as long as you show up and underline as she goes through the slides you can make an easy A. Dr Quynh, very attractive, and beautiful dimples. 
                
                   This was a two-week August Mini online class crammed with a full semesters worth of assignments. Vague instructions with a daily quiz, two assignments, reading a chapter,  mid-term, final, group project, and interviewing a stranger.  On some days it is double assignments and all are due the next day by NOON!  Good luck if you work full-time!
                
                   Very fair and knowledgeable.  I feel she's one of those "scratch my back and I'll scratch yours" kind of people.  I wish I could have met her in person to say thank you but it was an online class.  
                
                   best teacher ever 
                
                   If you come to class and highight in the book as she is lecturing, you will be fine.  I agree with everybody else on here that she is an excellent professor.  Since I am a female and cannot say if she is hot or not, she does have the best clothes!
                
                   Not only is she cool, but shes attractive. Gotta love smart and asian ;) Best Teacher in the Merce in my opinion. She is strict but simple.
                
                   This class has a bunch of notes since there is not a book, but is very fun.  Labs are big points, but very fun.  She is very energetic and includes several team activities.  Would definitely take her again, but not my major.
                
                   Made nutrition very basic to understand.  Attendance is a must or will miss end of class assignments.  Although she talks very fast, she is  pretty fair and is also easy on the eyes.
                
                   Very good class. You get to go on field trips and have a lot of fun.The tests are easy and its a class you can get a easy A if you show up.
                
                   Only partially agree with below comment.  Yes, this course is not easy.  The quizzes are timed, but they are open book, open note. Assignments are very thought provoking, but cannot be done in a hurry. Grades very fairly/quickly and every time I e-mailed her, she would respond that day and several times within that minute.  Will learn alot!
                
                   Consumer Health. This was an online class, it is a tough class. There is a lot of work that goes with the class. You can not wait until the night before to try and complete it.  She is very clear about that, and she really doesnt take any excuses. Test are tough, just allowed 20 minutes, for 20 questions, must read the text. DO well on the assignme
                
                   Great class! Lots of notes but nothing you can't manage. She is a really fair teacher. Test are super easy if you take notes! You play a game before each test and she gives you the test questions word for word! Funny stories about her ex boyfriend!!
                
                   she gives a ton of notes but advises you to stay with her through those because if you do, it's downhill from there.  You have to do a phys ed lesson with a partner and then have to do a health lesson plan individually.  She plays a game to review for each test and the tests are easy if you pay attention and do the notes.
                
                   Took this sport marketing class as an upper division elective.  Thought it would be interesting.  He gives a bunch of information, and lectures are very dry.   Scavenger hunt was very fun way to learn about sponsorships.
                
                   All he does is reads  directly off his power points (voice is slightly monotone).  Very knowledgeable, but needs more than giving us information.  Enjoyed the guest speakers.
                
                   What an awesome class. He was passionate about the class and took time to make sure everyone understood.
                
                   This was the easiest class I have ever taken. Fun class, nice teacher. Easy A!
                
                   She gets a little loopy sometimes, and she is really into her yoga. She can go on and on with the philosophy. Her tests are fairly easy. Her words: &quot;So long as you take the risk and put something, I will give you credit.&quot; Also, chances are she'll start class with a broken limb or in a wheelchair. Woman is made of glass.
                
                   She knows what she is doing.
                
                   Sherman, is a descent professor.  Throughout the whole class period he will say &quot;essentially&quot; about 20 to 30 times.  If you get bored easily, this class is perfect for you.  Overall, the class is just a lecture based class, but you must read the book as well in order to receive an A on the tests.  Essentially, the class is boring but easy.
                
                   I loved going to his class!! He is sooooo hot & hes alot of fun! He's really fun to talk to and did I mention that he is hot!
                
                   Dr. Smith is the best professor I've ever had! If we had an option to choose what professor to take for each class, I would choose Dr. Smith for all my classes. You'll never get bored with his lectures. He's nice, funny, caring, understanding, patient, extremely helpful, and awesome! You'll definitely learn a lot from him in all his classes. Study!
                
                   Loves his subject and loves to teach. Online tests are tough but he usually goes back and adds points. I have never seen him cross, in a foul mood or use profanity. Answers emails quickly and keeps regular office hours. Animated lecturer and helps his students with subjects that he doesn't even teach. Genuinely wants his students to succeed.  
                
                   Dr. Smith is knowledgeable but a bad teacher.  He teaches basics and principles and tests you as if you had years of experience in his field.  He gives no extra credit, his tests are long, hard to read and timed.  Don't expect feedback on homework and get ready to get a C even if you're an A student on the rest of your classes.  wouldn't take him.
                
                   Dr. Smith is really straight forward with lectures and what to expect in his test. Very few homework but when they are given they are time consuming but easy. Really fun class and I would take a class with him again.
                
                   Dr. Smith is the hardest professor I have yet taken at A&M, he lectures and tests and quizzes are at least 100 questions long and timed. no more than an hour.  You need to buy a clicker. Gives no extra credit, does not help at all, lectures are good but way too much information and way too fast. Knows his stuff and gets excited still fell behind.
                
                   Very awesome teacher, very helpful and understanding.
                
                   Dr. Lee's classes are always easy as long as you show up and study the material. If you do not study or show up, you will fail
                
                   MR. DILLON IS A GREAT INSTUCTOR FOR WEIGHT TRAINING. HE IS NOT A PROF BUT IS OVER THE GLASSCOCK FAC. HE IS AWESOME AND WANTS STUDENTS TO SUCCED AND WILL HELP YOU TO ACHIEVE YOUR GOAL. I WAS HAPPY TO HAVE HIM AND NOW I WANT TO CONTINUE WORKING OUT AND GETTING IN BETTER SHAPE.
                
                   he teaches Tai chi and a personal defense class, just show up on time. if you miss a day you can make it up by going to his classes t his school in the sunrise mall. you take two test and write one paper. go to the review day and you'll pass the tests.
                
                   He taught personal self defense. He used a lot of marital arts moves. It was a little difficult but useful. He was funny too. After being in his class awhile, he starts to joke with you. I recommend him to anyone who wants to take a Kinesiology class for real or just for fun.
                
                   Timed events are impossible to get an A unless you are an experienced runner. Walking is more doable than the jogging timed test. Show up and work out and you'll get a good grade. Written tests are easy if you study.
                
                   Had a blast in Foundations of Kinesiology with her! Easy class, lots of awesome extra credit like 5K runs and yoga classes for 10 extra points on exams! Super helpful and very passionate about her field.
                
                   Super easy class. I had Rhodes for WalkingJogging and Yoga for my FRA credit. Dress out and put some effort in the exercise and that's it. Vocabulary quizzes are easy, if you study, and so is the final.  Not sure how people could fail either course. 
                
                   Just show up. Dress out to exercise and participate. Exams are super easy if you study. They include vocabulary words and an anatomy man that you have to label. Again, show up and pass with an A.
                
                   She is awesome! She is always clear about the poses and what to do! She also works with you really well if you can't do something or get injured during the semester! :)
                
                   Walking/jogging was pretty easy. The timed walks/jogs are pretty much impossible to get an A, unless you're a sprinter!
                
                   Dance class was amazing. i got an amazing work out. if you want to work out and feel it take her class she knows what she's doing.
                
                   He is very laid back and willing to work with you.  He makes class fun, but the trips are terrible.
                
                   Jim is awesome. He's hard on you if you don't do your work but he's a great teacher and dive master.
                
                   Lucy is a pretty cool instructor. She was really nice and super helpful and passionate.  If you're looking for an easy A/B science credit take this class. It isn't a regular KINE class, so expect a lot of homework in the form of online quizzes. Group work in every classroom day, but the questions are from the quizzes you had to do on your own. 
                
                   I took her for strength training and thought she was great! She was very enthusiastic about training and lectures. Even though the material might be boring she makes it fun and exciting. Just show up to class and give some effort and you will get an A! I would definitely take her class a few more times!   
                
                   Avoid taking her class if possible. Especially if it's a 1 hour class. If you're trying to take a Kinesiology class for fun or to bring up your GPA, her class won't do either of these. You will have to read the material thoroughly and there will be quizzes. 
                
                   Thornton is a great swim coach. I took his intermediate swim class and it was a lot of fun. He teaches the basic strokes and gives extra help to those who need it. He also gives helpful constructive criticism. There is a multiple choice test (everyone aced it) and a skills test, but as long as you go to class, you'll do well in this class! :)
                
                   Excellent instructor. Greatly enjoyed his intermediate swimming class, but prior swimming experience certainly helped. Makes his classes enjoyable, not strict. Encouraging and paid attention to all students while offering corrective advice and instruction. Covered all test material completely, so if you study the notes, you will ace the test.
                
                   I took this 8am bowling class. It was alright. If I hadn't taken it this early maybe I would've enjoyed it more. You drive to an off campus location, Grand Station Entertainment and its a fun environment. Mr. Schakel is very nice and passionate about his sport. You do take a final :/ BUT he offers extra credit for it so don't worry too much. 
                
                   Dave made 8 am bowling a blast. He is extremely understanding and if he sees that you are present, having fun, and learning something along the way in his classes its impossible not to pass the class if you're taking it passfail. He teaches a variety of sports and I'd take him again anytime!
                
                   The class is out of 100 points. There's about 3 assignments for every 4 classes so go to class! I took it for my science credit and it's definitely wayyy better than chemistry or physics. DO THE QUIZZES THEY ARE THE MAJORITY OF THE GRADE. (They get easier through the semester!) Do all the assignments and you should get an A/B+ at least! 
                
                   I wan't too physically fit so I didn't think I would pass, but she told me to stay and I ended up with a B. She seems tough but gets really nice after a while. Class is basically mandatory. Tests are not too hard if you do the study guide, but you do have to study. I loved her and would take her again! 
                
                   AMAZING! 
                
                   She keeps it fun, and ended up being glad I took the class.
                
                   Blake is a great teacher, his classes are not easy but if you put forth the effort you will get the grade you want. I do not like his test format he has a lot of writing on the tests and show move them to where you can type them on the computer. 
                
                   Best class ever!  Not gonna lie, I got a C and had to work for it.  Get ready to write a ton on his tests, he doesn't do ABCD, lol!  And if you dont study, they will kick your ass!  Blake is the chillest teacher I've had and he makes everything fun. Go take all his classes!
                
                   Blake is very personal and a good teacher and overall good person. His classes are fairly easy just take notes you will be fine. 
                
                   Price is awesome!  You are going to work for your grade, but you will have a lot of fun every day.  A lot of professors are too busy to deal with student issues, but you can go talk to him any time.  He really cares about you and will go out of his way to help you out.  My advice:  take every class he teaches!!!
                
                   Awesome teacher!
                
                   Of all the professors I've had, he's been my favorite
                
                   This may be the best course I have ever taken!  Not only is the content directly applicable to my career (teaching/coaching), but Blake makes the course interesting. He genuinely cares about his students and goes above and beyond to make sure they are successful not just in class, but in life.  I definitely recommend taking all of his classes!
                
                   Awesome class!  I learned so much that will help me in my coaching career.
                
                   Gotta go to class, but if you do you will get an A.  Really friendly teacher who will help you when you need it.  Figured a senior level class would be harder, but I had fun!
                
                   Amazing Professor. Very understanding and caring of his students. Make learning fun and applicable!
                
                   His classes in the SES department have EVERYTHING to do with his experience as a former coach. Coach Haasl cares immensely about his students and brings real life situations and knowledge to the classroom. His tests ensure that you have attended and payed attention in class but they are reasonable.
                
                   Great Class!  Very practical ways to deal with stress in life and college
                
                   FORMER COACH THAT IS WASTING TIME!
                
                   useless, x coach
                
                   No Comments
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Takes attendance everyday.  Requires the book be purchased but you can get by without it.  Everything you need to study comes from printed out power point slides.
                