
                   Unorganized, rude, excessive workload, and could not stay on topic of class, but rather taught about journalism (in a personnel management class).
                
                   He is knowledgeable about news story's. I don't know what insight he has in public admin or emergency mngt. If you disagree with his views he will tell you that you are wrong and cite an article(Nytimes ect). Only considers the pub. he reads as reputable(don't bother to cite pub. he doesn't read). He seems to believe reporters are expects of all.
                
                   I have taken 12 classes under him and I would take 12 more if they were available. Great understanding of the subject matter and willing to accept other opinions if they come with supported documentations. Very organized and teaches adults like adults and children like children.
                
                   He is not an easy professor, but he is fair. He knows the subject well and expects you to do the work. Lots of writing but his goals are clearly presented. He gives you all you need to do the first day and will accept and grade work early. If you get behind, you will hate his class. I prefer him to all but two other professors I have had at WTAMU.
                
                   Good instructor. Sometimes unclear, but is quick to clarify. Stay on task and follow instructions and everything falls in to place at the end for a well deserved A.
                
                   Hardest prof I have ever taken.  Worth every minute.  Teaches well---makes you think and won't allow laziness!!!  Worth the work!
                
                   He was absolutely horrible!  I hate him - he is the worst teacher I have ever had in my life hands down.  He can't stay on topic or teach anything out of the book to save his life.
                
                   Outstanding professor who was enthusiastic about the topic
                
                   Great teacher
                
                   
                
                   Very Dry and Boring
                
                   grad class learning how to use the SPSS statistic software
                
                   Excellent teacher if you are interested in the class subject.  If you're not well then, be ready to learn.
                
                   He gives all students "practice tests" before the real test--the questions are the same on both tests!! ..You must read on your own or else you will do bad on tests ..Cool professor who gives students second and third and fourth chances!! I LOVE THIS GUY!!!
                
                   Good guy/professor. Does well in lecturing, tries to make the class interesting, and a little funny. Tests are simple to take if you study the notes. I was able to basically understand everything he said despite his Chinese originating accent.
                
                   He is a good teacher.  He is Chinease at times his accent can be hard to understand.  Other than that he is respectful and follows the text.
                
                   Dr. Kapavik is awesome! She is so dedicated to her profession and you can tell she really loves teaching. She always gives feedback and is always open to questions. She is truly inspiring. I would definitely take her again! 
                
                   Amazing person! Shes very energetic and engaging.  Loves what she does and it shows. Her class is very laid back and her lectures are inspiring. This is my second time taking one of her classes. Shes just awesome. Take her class. Youll love it. 
                
                   Dr. Kapavik is understanding to any outside problems that may affect your school schedule. You do loose points after a set number of absences, and she does keep track. Her lectures are engaging and overall she is a great professor.
                
                   She is an awesome prof!!!! I have taken 3 different courses with her and would definitely take more! Highly recommended!
                
                   She lights up the room. You can feel the passion she has for teaching. I took her for Principle of Learning class, it was very informative. Gives reviews for each test. Assignments are not hard, but you as long as you read, tests are pretty self explained. Take her class you will not regret it!
                
                   Dr. Kapavik was the best teacher I've had so far throughout my college experience and I was a junior when I took her. She is very passionate about what she teaches and she gives you a lot of useful tips and resources for you to use when you have a classroom of your own. I would recommend her to everyone and I can't wait to take her again.
                
                   Awesome professor! Take her I promise you won't regret it!
                
                   She is a great teacher!! You can tell she has a lot of love for Social Studies. You do have to read the book because her quizzes are over the chapters and make sure you do the work and you'll do just fine. Her class was never boring!
                
                   Dr. Kapavik is a great teacher. She is willing to help you will whatever, whether it is something for her class or something to do with your degree. Her letures are fun and interactive. She is compassioned about Social Studies. If you don't like Socail Studies Dr. Kapavik is the best teacher to have, because she will help you love the subject!
                
                   She got off topic a lot, but each test except for the final was only two weeks worth of notes, so it wasn't a lot of material to remember. it was a VERY easy course, you can at least make a B simply by going to class and she makes class interesting
                
                   Boring subject, but I like her
                
                   Very knowledgeable.  Actually cares about whether students learn.  Great teacher
                
                   Material is pretty easy; quite a bit of reading, but it's do-able; easy to talk to and an easy person to get along with; does give random quizzes though; exams are pretty basic...
                
                   yea, the test was easy-- barely read anything, got a high B
                
                   EASY TEST AND SHES VERY UNDERSTANDING
                
                   EASY TEST AND SHES VERY UNDERSTANDING
                
                   hott
                
                   Excellent instructor, cares about his students. He is a very genuine person, and easy to talk to when you are having problems understanding concepts.
                