
                   Loads of fun, she's super entertaining, and and easy grader. She understands you're new to the language and doesn't have unrealistic expectations; as long as you participate and go along with her lectures go by quickly and painlessly. 
                
                   She is very nice and really wants to help you learn italian.  Not many tests,  just quizzes and compositions throughout the semester.  She speaks in italian alot,  which seems overwhelming at first but you get used to it.  She is very positive and upbeat,  I can't help but leave class in a good mood.  Highly recommend. 
                
                   It's my understanding that it's Prof. Cerrato's first year teaching, so she's still getting things together, but she's a wonderful professor. She's very clear about the work you need to do and she makes Italian easy and fun to learn. The class isn't hard, but you do have to try. She's very fair and very nice. I would absolutely recommend her. 
                
                   Mandarin is hard and Shi Laoshi does a good job of not overloading each class with too much information
                
                   My favorite teacher this semester (even though she's not part of my major). Waugh-Sensei is from Japan, and speaks both English and Japanese fluently. The class is primarily focused on simple conversation. It is not difficult to get an A, provided that you show up to class and do the test review.
                
                   Most amazing teacher ever!
                
                   Manuela is an amazing, super intelligent professor. She gets to know her students and really cares about them and their grades. Its not always easy but if you do the work and study a little every day than this class is very passable. She loves to help answer your questions and is always cheerful. Makes you feel comfortable about pronunciations.
                
                   He was a great teacher. It is a bit scary in his class at first since you speak in Russian almost all the time, but you eventually get used to it. He is also a clear grader on papers and tests.
                
                   Brett is an excellent professor. He will extract an enormous amount of time from you but your reward will be a great understanding and vocabulary of the Russian language and literature. He does grade according to his opinion of your ability in the language classes, however. In the literature or poetry classes, try to present a new concept to him.
                
                   Good professor. He didn't lecture much.
                
                   Brett Cooke is a good teacher. He does have an air of arrogance but he is also very humble. He will make oyu work unless like bad grades. He also allows resubmittence of papers to improve grades. It is obvious that he has an active interest in see students do very well. Ive taken 4 classes from him.  One of the best teachers on the Campus BAR NONE.
                
                   He speaks down to his students and disagrees with anything that you say, even if it means he is contradicting himself. He has an unwarranted high opinion of himself and sitting through his class has been one of the most miserable experiences of my college career. I almost dropped this major because of him.
                