
                   Fitzhugh is the best that MARA has to offer, just have to go to class and participate. Probably one of the smartest and nicest guy you will meet and knows a little bit about everything, but everything in maritime law. Really cares about the students and doesn't make you buy a pointless 200 dollar textbook.
                
                   One of the best! He's an energetic, straight-forward, old school professor. Not afraid to tell you what he thinks. The work load can be a little daunting, but a little common sense, and paying attention in class will go a long way. Wish there were more like him. Rearranged my entire next semester to take his other class. Highly Recommend!
                
                   all u have to do is read and u will get an A all those who said he is impossible u r idiots he is a great techer its college u have to study don't b a dumbass
                
                   Really nice guy, excellent professor. The people who posted negative comments are idiots.
                
                   okay the guys that rated him already are right I studied my ass off for the first exam nothing 67 then i found out everybody uses the old exams because nobody will pass but he really blows
                
                   This guy teaches business law I would not take him unless you are very very briliant, smart or a way overachiever I agree with the two other reviews I studied my ass of and got a 65 the first exam but then I found out the whole class cheats they use the old exams which is the only way to pass. The first exam class average was a 60.
                
                   You must find a way to get ahold of his old exams. Preferably the past 2 years' exams. He uses the EXACT same questions just from the exam just from different years. I went from making a 60 with just studying the book & his lecture to making an 84 with only studying old exams. He's very monotone and boring. He does give attendance quizzes randomly.
                
                   If you don't have the old tests..you will fail this class.  His tests are almost identical to the old ones so make sure to get hold of them. Nothing he says in his lectures are on the tests so just go in case theres a POP QUIZ!
                