
                   I'm in his all online class, so I never see him in person, but he is so helpful! If you are happy with your quiz average in each section, then you don't have to take the exam for that section. eCampus closed out in the middle of my quiz, I emailed him and he reset my  quiz, no questions asked. He offers plenty of extra credit.
                
                   EASIEST CLASS EVER He told us 1st day of class attendance was LITERALLY optional, bc his lectures are exact same as video lectures online. 3 Sections: Each section 7 online quizzes, and an optional test. He counts whichever % is higher. Previous Tests wanswers are online & are almost verbatim to quizzestests in course. Think I ended up with a 98
                
                   very good course, besides a top professor , I learn a lot , he uses very good teaching material, also he inspires us to finishnthe degree.
                
                   very good course, besides a top professor , I learn a lot
                
                   Dr. Feagley was one of my favorite professors I've taken at A&M. Don't expect an email response, though. Get your hands on old tests and memorize them like the back of your hand. Show up for class and get bonus point quizzes.
                
                   Great man, Hard class. 
                
                   Best professor I've had at A&M. Study the notes, and definitely look at the previous tests that he posts.  He really cares about making sure  you understand the material. He once saw me studying the morning of test day and asked me if there were any concepts that needed clarifying. Great guy!
                
                   Dr. Feagley is THE best professor at Texas A&M. I went into this class thinking I would be bored to death talking about dirt, but Dr. Feagley really makes it interesting. The labs help your grades a lot. I took his class honors, and was only required to teach a single lab class and write a paper. I highly recommend taking this class!!!
                
                   Wonderful professor. He genuinely cares about helping everyone lean the material and despite the course being fairly hard, is able to convey the important aspects of the course. He will take the time to learn people's names and holds review sessions the night before exams. He also offers bonus questions to entice you to go to class. Highly suggest!
                
                   Such an AWESOME prof. The class is challenging, but he really cares about helping you learn!
                
                   Dr feagley is a great professor It was a hard class but he was very helpful. I would take this professor again
                