
                   I had him for canoeing and he makes the class awesome. He is one of the most encouraging teachers I've ever had. He gives high fives when you do something well and just gives encouraging words all the time. It made me want to do the work and learn the skills. The trip at the end of the class is awesome and he makes sure that you are prepared.
                
                   Fun class.. Don't miss more than 3 if you don't want points taken off, but I think I missed about 5 and still passed on the pass/fail scale
                
                   Easy going guy teaching an easy class. if you don't get an A...that's pretty SAD.
                
                   She is a great teacher! I enjoyed her class every time I walked in. She does not give tests, but DO NOT miss your weekly online quizzes they are important since there are not exams. She is very understanding, and helpful. She works with you, as long as you don't take advantage of her. Very good teacher, I was glad to take her class. 
                
                   I took her for KINE 120 yoga class.  Absolutely love her. There are weekly online quizzes but, if you keep up with the class it will be an easy A.
                
                   The course wasn't bad as far as material and testing goes. However, I took it online (I'm located in SC, campus in Texas) and had NO luck ever getting in touch with the teacher. Twice I found discrepancies in the grade book and my emails went unanswered. Overall I still did well in the class, but wouldn't take another class with her.
                
                   Dr. Ward is a really nice lady, but can be confusing at times. This class was taught by her and Professor Danny Valdez (Dr. Ward on Mon, Valdez on Wed). Seems like they weren't on the same page sometimes when they taught. Ask her questions in class or email her if you're confused! Tests aren't too bad, the class average is usually a B. Go to class
                
                   So sweet! great teacher! really enjoyed having her as a teacher
                
                   I took her self-defense class and wish we had learned more - that's more of the curriculum to blame though. She's a cool professor and offered minimal extra credit because the weekly quizzes were tough. Over-all good though, I would recommend taking her class! Probably good to have the textbook for the online quizzes!
                
                   Took her self-defense class this semester and it ended up being my favorite class. Teri is a really cool lady who clearly knows what she's doing. I'm not athletic but I worked hard and got an A. Good mix of girls and guys. There's around 2 skills tests and a written final at the end. Definitely take this class if you want to defend yourself!
                
                   Not very helpful. I accidentally missed 4 class periods and went to her because I was afraid of failing the course. She said as long as I did well on the final that I would pass (and if I missed a few she would give me the points). However, even after saying that she ended up failing me anyways. Class was extremely boring and I hated it.
                
                   Wylie doesn't stand for letting students get a grade they didn't earn. Therefore, you have to be prepared to come to class, pay attention, do the reading, study, etc - but he makes the material so interesting that I wanted to do them even if it wasn't required! I strongly recommend anyone who can to take this class (Hlth&Spirituality) with Wylie.
                
                   Class itself is very clear and everything seems like common sense, but he asks questions on the tests specifically about tiny details in the graphs he gives you. No textbook, just his notes and only need to study for a couple days before the test. But make sure you memorize EVERYTHING about each graph!Really sweet man and has stories for everything
                
                   Wylie truly cares about all of his students, but won't curve a grade up or any of that. His tests are tougher than you would think. Lots of numbers and lists. If you study hard, you will get an A. If you skip class, he docks your final grade. He also is very particular about no technology in class or studying for other classes.
                
                   This class was probably one of my least favorite classes I have EVER taken, as well as not relevant at all to the health field. You spend the whole class memorizing pointless statistics and rankings. He is super harsh when you are late and will make fun of you in front of the class. His tests are hard. Good luck if you have to take this class..
                
                   Dr. Wylie has to be the best professor I have ever had. I've never met a teacher who cares so deeply about the well being of his students and who was so passionate about his subject. The tests were all about memorizing statistics and they were a little hard but I learned so much from him. He is so funny and sweet. Would definitely recommend. 
                
                   He is seriously an amazing man. He's so sweet and passionate about the health field (especially safety). He takes 3 points away every time you miss class, so you have to go but I actually enjoy going because he's really funny and has a ton of stories. His tests are easy if you just take time to study the notes! 
                
                   Sometimes comes off as condescending. Even if you ace the tests, his attendance policy is so strict, he will still fail you if you miss too much class. Tests are hard and basically memorizing statistics, and orders of rankings.
                
                   Not a good professor. Nothing in class is relevant to his tests. Plan on memorizing everything in the chapters.
                
                   Worst teacher I've ever had. Do not take him. He seems like a sweet old man, but looks are deceiving. His tests are ridiculously hard and have nothing to do with anything he has taught in class.
                
                   I had Wylie for two different classes...Safety(221) and Healthy Lifestyles(231). For Safety he is pretty easy. There is no book and all you do is memorize the slides for the exams. Healthy Lifestyles on the other hand is all book. You have to read everything to even pass your test! For Safety he is good teacher, but takes attendance! Good Luck!
                
                   Great teacher. No book necessary, uses power point handouts which he posts every night. Must attend class, but his lectures are interesting and I learned a great deal!
                
                   Fun awesome swimming coach/professor!:)
                
                   Dr. Pruitt is one of those professors that you can meet for lunch. I will definitely keep in contact with him because he shows such a deep interest in his students and the future of the field.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Really unclear. Long boring lectures. Doesn't seem like effort was put into the course. Not a quality graduate course. Would definitely not recommend.
                
                   Not a good prof at all. Lazy, sloppy. I did not learn anything and passed the class with an A
                
                   You can tell she really likes teaching. Approachable and class is fun and u get useful info. Lots of assignments but she grades fair. Her contests ROCK! Win prizes. Best class I had at A&M.
                
                   Great profcoach for KINE 199. I took beginner tumbling with him.  I have tumbled before so it was easy, but he was always ready to help you with more difficult skill if you wanted. He gives you multiple tries at skill and he gives very good feedback to help you improve.  He is ready to help everyone learn and improve! Wants students to succeed.
                
                   Great intermediate tumbling class! Beware though, all the gymnasts take this class too..
                
                   Awesome professor! Super passionate about teaching. I took his intro to Judo class and I loved it! Plus, he let me make up an absence so I didn't receive a C in the class for missing 3 days on accident. Loved it so much I plan on taking the intermediate course in the fall!
                
                   I took his class for badminton. He is really nice and I thoroughly enjoyed this class.
                
                   Very nice and helpful. Tried to keep class interesting.  Easily approachable and willing to work with you so long as you come and talk to him.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   This is the only professor that ever gave a damn about students in this whole department.  He is the ONLY one that would go to bat for you.  He made you scared to death to miss class, but if you had the balls to call in sick, he was totally ok with it.    There was not another professor in this whole department that taught more Dr. Elledge.
                
                   Many people found the class difficult. I did not as long as you study the material, which is A LOT. Several chapters are convered on each exam. 100 M/C questions for each three exams. Study the material regularly and you will do fine. Attendance is mandatory, he takes roll everyday! Grumpy prof who can goof off and be funny a lot of the time.
                
                   never clear. miss one class and 3 pts deducted from final grade. tests hardly match notes. if you dont have to take him, then dont!
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Great guy, likes students.
                
                   Took her badminton class. As long as you attend class and don't purposely throw matches which is sometimes tempting just to get it over with then you should definitely just take this class for a grade vs P/F. She will help you and work with you through any problems. A very good class to get to know other people. Class usually got out 10-15 early.
                
                   The material & class itself are really easy, but she makes the tests way harder than they need to be.  The tests are asking you for specific statistics, not focusing at all on the bigger picture(not kidding there are so many questions that are like "in 2011 how many people died bc of blah blah?" w answer choices like "1,038; 3,328"). SUPERANNOYING
                
                   She was really easy going and super helpful. I loved her.
                
                   SHE IS AWESOME!!! i took badminton and the class was a breeze and i actually looked forward to class because she gets everyone so pumped up. She is every easygoing! I'd definitely take another class if she was the professor just because she'd be the one teaching it.
                