
                   He's awesome
                
                   This subject is difficult as is.  The professor makes it more difficult.  His lectures do not explain the subject at all.  The best approach to this class is to read, read, read.  If you ask for help, he refers you to testing services to learn how to study.  If you ask for an explaination, he responds with, &quot;It is what it is.&quot;  Good luck.
                
                   Student lectures, one per student and you're in groups. one major group project that is presented at the end of the semester. if you read, take good notes and study you will do fine. besides tests all other grades are made to boost your overall grade. attendance only mandatory on certain days when theres class discussions.
                
                   A great man, and decent professor. He's very enthusiastic about what he teaches! Lectures are confusing and they're all online. He mumbles in his videos so it's hard to understand him. Quizzes come straight from the power points. No curves, but I don't think many people need them. Not to say the class is easy, it was definitely my hardest this sem.
                
                   This prof was sometimes a bit boring but overall is a very nice man who loves what he teaches. He is involved with the veterinary department so he loves equating histology to milking cows and castrating horses. Tests are somewhat hard and material must be studied to do well. Youtube videos are on his website also if you miss class. Great prof!
                
                   Took Intro to Histology and really enjoyed it.  Identifying cells seems intimidating  but you catch on quickly. He grades testsquizzes with so much extra credit that it's impossible to fail, few hours of studying the review sent out will guarantee an A. Very nice and helpful with answering questions, lectures are a bit dull but posted on youtube.
                
                   His TA is great. Memorize the PPs he sends out because A LOT of those questions come up on quizzes and the final. He knows a lot about histology but doesn't engage the class very well, actually this class was very boring. GO OVER YOUR QUIZZES AND LEARN WHAT YOU MISSED. The TA's final review and the quizzes basically made up the final exam. 
                
                   Dr. Johnson is super knowledgeable about histology, really interesting class and I would take it again. Lot of material to cover and he does it quickly. He is very passionate about his work, he is funny and does his best to relate to people. His TA's were extremely helpful too.  Buy the Atlas he recommends though, it's like a bible for this class. 
                
                   Very rude and disrespectful to students.  Did not like when students asked questions.  Would not listen to studens questions.  Not helpful at all.  Put down students to their face.  A shame and disgrace to the profession.  How she still has a job is beyond me.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   Class varied. He was very easy going. There was never any homework which was nice. All of the tests are blue books and it was very hard trying to study for the exams based on his powerpoints. He often would not reply to emails when trying to ask questions. Going to class was important because some lectures he would not send out via email.
                
                   This guy is by far one of the most interesting professors I've had. Though attendance isn't mandatory, you probably want to attend class because his actual lecture is more interesting than the PowerPoints. The exams are based on essays and it's more about critical thinking in some instances, as well as applying knowledge from lecture. Not too bad.
                
                   Dr. Tizard is an awesome professor. He is passionate about what he teaches and makes the course truly interesting. His lectures are almost always interesting, and give a great idea into the course itself. Would most definitely take this course again!
                
                   Dr. Tizard is an amazing prof. He really knows what he's doing and he explains everything so well! The essay tests are super easy and don't take more than 20 minutes. The quizzes can be challenging, but they aren't worth a large amount of your grade. I would take Dr. Tizard again if i could!!!
                
                   Tizard is a very happy, sweet prof. He is there for you and his essay tests are simple. Posts all lectures online to listen to. Attendance not mandatory. Happy to be teaching and easy to listen to. Material gone over on lectures are exactly what are on the tests. Quizzes can be difficult. Just make sure you listen to lectures and you will do fine 
                
                   This class was really great! Dr. Tizard is a fun and interesting professor. He has an accent but it is very clear. Sometimes his guest lecturers aren't as easy to follow. Quizzes can be difficult but the essay tests are simple. 
                
                   Dr. Tizard is the cutest old man ever (not THAT old but still), im always engaged in his lectures even though they are long. His humor is perfect and he knows a lot about The Great Diseases of the World. Would recommend 10/10.
                
                   Tizard is a very nice professor with a sense of humor. His lectures are long and somewhat repetitive, but they are clear and easy to understand. Tests are written essays and the questions aren't too hard. He doesn't do power points or notes, so if you miss class, you miss the lecture; however he does post recordings of his lectures online. 
                
                   I love Dr. Tizard. He's funny and an interesting guy. You can tell he loves the class and cares about his students. He is a very chill prof and doesn't take attendance.  I am looking forward to taking any of classes. His test are easy, but watch out for those quizzes. The quizzes are more difficult and tricky.
                
                   I enjoyed attending his lecture because I knew that I would learn something. If you missed one question off a quiz you would drop down a letter grade. Essay exams weren't tough as long as you payed attention to his lectures and reviewed your notes. Final was pretty tough, but if you studied for five days, you should be set.
                
                   Tizard isn't easy, but he's amazing. There are two tests- both essay- and then the multiple choice final. Go to class or don't- he doesn't care. However watch the lectures online at a minimum and STUDY. It's a difficult class, but if you studywork hard enough you'll do great.
                
                   Lectures are very interesting and he is good at engaging students. You will be expected to know details on quizzes and TA graded essays make missing details easy.  Make sure to make special note of anything he writes on the board and all names he mentions, and you're golden. At least for a B.
                
                   There are two tests and they are both essays. The TAs grade them, so it's kind of difficult. It's a fascinating class though. I would definitely recommend Tizard.
                
                   VERY knowledgeable, interesting lectures, good at inserting humor. Major issue: does not give any/ adequate notice of quizzes and missing any will destroy your grade. Final is killer.
                
                   He puts all his lectures online, but I recommend going, because it's much easier to understand him in person than it is in a recording. This class is taught by 3 teachers, but he is the main one in the fall semester. His lectures are better than the other lecturers, so I recommend taking this class in the fall.  He had great office hours.
                
                   The lectures are very interesting and easy to follow, although he doesn't use any powerpoints.  The topics are interesting and the essay tests are completely based off the lectures.  Although both of the tests (other than the final) were essays, the questions are easy to answer and don't try to trick you.  I highly recommend taking this class.
                
                   An awesome prof. Stoked my interest in pathology. I took his great diseases course and learned more than I have in any other class before. The lectures are funny and interesting, and Dr. Tizard is compassionate and knowledgeable. I would love to take this class again.
                
                   Dr. Tizard is an awesome Irishman with a real knowledge and passion for his field. I took his Great Diseases class and loved it. Almost weekly quizzes, 2 essay test, one final. Easy to study for.
                
                   Very entertaining and good lecturer. Relates class to interesting medical things and refers to House and Star Wars a lot. Hard tests, get ready to study....
                
                   He is a very good teacher. Indeed!!!
                
                   Love him - and kanuut
                
                   Mmmmmmmm!
                
                   really fun and great teacher, but tests are hard. He is a fair grader.
                
                   Bims 110 is a class in which guest lecturers present every week. Quizzes are taken after each lecturer but only the highest 10 out of 14 quizzes are counted so its an easy A. Dr. Young runs the course smoothly. Attendance is part of your grade. No tests. 
                
                   Relies heavily on text books, no wide reading or updates.
                
                   Dr. Herman puts so much effort into helping his students. He is by far the best professor at Texas A&M! He's straight forward, easy to understand and hilarious! Unlike other professors, you actually want to go to his class because he makes it fun. The class is hard and you need to read everyday but it's enjoyable!
                
                   She boasted about obtaining drugs for patients without the required FDA approval.
                
                   She was unhelpful and self righteous.  Her arrogance of her abilities and knowledge hindered her ability to listen to students.  She was disrespectful towards ceratin students. She boasted about obtaining drugs for patients without the required FDA approval.
                
                   She lacked professionalism and would yell at certain students and appeared to chose favorites. Was very hurt by certain comments she made.  I felt put down because I asked questions.  The environment she created hindered my ability to learn.
                