
                   Mme. Brown is a very sweet lady. She may come off as hard to others but if you pay attention and are active in class it is better. The tests are pretty hard but the homework is very easy.
                
                   Dr. Ragucci is a great woman who loves teaching. She is always willing to help and cares about her students! With that said you have to do the homework and show up to class. You're learning a language, requires practice and some outside devotion. Overall though its not bad! The homework is easy and if you need extra time on it she usually gives it!
                
                   Awesome teacher! She's always down to help Attendance is a must. Using cell phones will dock ur participation grade DO THE HOMEWORK OR YOU WILL REGRET IT Tests are fairly average, still requires to study  She's so flexible with bumping its great
                
                   Dr. Ragucci is an awesome professor. Very friendly and clearly enjoys teaching. You cannot do well on the exams unless you study thoroughly but that's the case with any language. Overall, she's a clear lecturer and very patient which comes in handy when you try to express yourself in French. She's everyone's favorite french prof for good reason.
                
                   Dr. Ragucci was an awesome professor. She explained everything in english before moving on to strictly speaking in french. On written compositions she gave you a chance to correct the original before turning in the final draft. She was also very helpful when trying to speak in french during the lecture. She made lectures pretty interesting as well.
                
                   She's great for teaching English to French but if you speak Spanish and learn rough Spanish connections then I wouldn't take her. She is French so she knows the language. The online he isn't too bad but if you don't do it it piles up.
                
                   She is a fun prof. She knows alot about French culture and genuinely loves answering questions about it. Her tests aren't that hard but you have to prepare for them. I learned alot more from her in 1 semester than I did in my 3yrs in HS. Shes always willing to help you understand. Lots of online hw but its not difficult.
                
                   I took him for World Literature, he goes into depth when giving lectures over the books. He makes it clear which points he is covering are especially important. There were two tests, the midterm and final and he had a review session prior to the test days to let the students know what to specifically study
                
                   Awesome prof. Defiantly my favorite this past semester and I had two classes with him. Speaks well & has interesting views on common subjects & the reading material in class. We were required to read the books though I didn't because he went over them in detail in class. Midterm and Final only. Attendance counts but he makes it fun to go to class.
                
                   Rosenthal is a really funny guy. No PowerPoints or outlines for the class material so it can be very hard to follow exactly what he wants you to know if you don't pay close attention to the lectures. A few pop quizzes here and there and just a midterm and final.
                
                   Be sure to go to class every day, because not only will you miss what was covered that day, but he counts your absences and WILL deduct points if you miss more than 5 in the semester. I studied for about an hour before each test and passed them easily. He is very interesting and goes by the book. Online homework three times a week, but it's easy.
                
                   I took 2 english classes this sem and he saved me from ditching my english degree. My other prof was terrible and he is outstanding. He tends to go on tangents but always finds a way back. He makes sure everyone understands the reading and loves hearing students' thoughts on it. I hate afternoon classes but this was worth it. Answers any q's, easy.
                
                   He expects you to put work in to learning the language and to pay attention in class. Pretty much sticks to the book. He is very understanding, funny, and fair.  
                
                   One of the best classes I have ever taken. He is very engaged in what he teaches and loves to interact with the students. His teaching style is different- but promotes interaction and thought from the students. Would take another class from him.
                