
                   Class time is virtually useless but on the few quizzes you have you'll want to have done the reading. Read the textbook. Put real effort into the papers. The class is easy but it's based on few assignments, so you'll want to do well on everything.
                
                   Great professor ! Clear grader ! You must understand the readings before taking the exams ,this is a MUST . Do not simply Google the answers or you are sure to have a tough semester . I highly recommend this professor ! 
                
                   I had her Italian class. It was a very light fun atmosphere to learn in. The class was hard, but she helped as much as she could. READ THE BOOK!  It's very important to study, but it wasn't hard to make an A.
                
                   When explained to the professor, that the student was having problems, with, having to relearn, some things, and not getting a full comprehension, of what is being taught. Not to mention, the student did not get all their assignments graded, or the extra credit points, for the class.
                
                   Excellent instructor.  Most knowledgeable on course topics, adding extra dimension of insight and interest.  Keen to help students, and involved in making productive comments and critique.
                
                   I thought he was boring. I really didnt enjoy his class. I was glad when the fall semester was OVER!
                
                   He was very helpful and I was able to learn a lot from his class.  It was my first English course, and he made it easy for me to understand all the materials and assignments,  It is a shame that he is not teaching English 101 anymore.
                
                   I dropped this class because the assignments were not clear and he was rude and boring.
                
                   I've enjoyed this class.  It was everything I hoped it to be!  Dr Tuerk has a unique way of looking at Children's literature.
                
                   No Comments
                
                   I enjoyed the class, the material covered, and the approach he took. I had to look at some literature through the eyes of a child which brought so much more meaning to them. He is very approachable and helpful.
                
                   Listening to him was laborious.  He always spoke, but never had a point.  You could do well on the tests easily, but I was so disinterested in the course because of his faulty teaching methods that I didn't even want to try.
                
                   Even though his class was easy I learned a lot from the class. I also like Tuerk as a person.
                
                   Very nice, good lectures.
                
                   UGH! His grading system absolutely sucks! Even if you make high A's on both his tests, you can still end up with a B! Because his quizzes make up a big chunk of your grade, you have to get most of the quizzes rite, otherwise it will bring your grade down! Take somebody else!
                
                   Awesome professor, take him before he retires..
                
                   Good professor...makes the material pretty interesting. He does take attendance! The tests and essays are easy if you read the material...you can probably pass with sparknotes but the tests have details that are only in the textbook so I would recommend doing the reading.
                
                   He is very enthusiastic, love's what he teaches & wants you to love it as well. He is a stickler about paying attention in class. He requires a lot of out-of-class reading...which is normal for lit classes. But he is pretty easy & lectures over the reading from that night so if you are busy its not big deal.
                
                   Do NOT add anything extra to any essay. Only spit back what he spits out. Under no circumstances add any additional thought or point of view especially from another source or text. It will NOT be welcomed. It's &quot;copy me exactly&quot; to get an A. The dude is into his power trip, not educational discussion or possibilities. He's from up north.
                
                   Do not try and add anything to any essay except what he discusses in his lecture. Do not offer a different point of view! Do NOT expand on the topic or add outside material.  Spit back what he spits out... it's impossible to get an A any other way.
                
                   GREAT TEACHER! get him if possible. no group work, no presentations.  he has such enthusiasm and is not the dept. chair!
                
                   He lectured most of the time, but if you didnt read that nights assignment it sure helped out a lot.  You gotta read a lot, but hey its a literature class thats what you do.  In all I think the class was pretty easy, you read, you take quizzes, and you write a couple of papers about what you read.  Professor was a pretty interesting and funny guy too.  He kept his lectures on the light/humerous side so Id recommend him for anyone who needs this class.
                
                   Great guy! Great prof!
                
                   Good teacher, took him during the summer so unsure how he is during a regular semester. My only problem is that the class was 2 hrs long and he would lecture the whole time...it could get boring because he wouldn't let US discuss.
                
                   This professor teaches with the style of a Shakespearean actor and makes learning classic literature fun.
                
                   She's a very  charismatic professor, and you can tell that she really enjoys the subject she teaches. The class isn't too hard, you will have to read but the readings are fun and simple. Attendance does matter so show up to class, it'll be worth it she makes class fun and enjoyable!
                
                   She's really great. Her lectures are always very interesting and entertaining. Plus, she's always very excited about helping students who are struggling and speaking with you about your ideas. Plus, she REALLY knows her field. I would definitely recommend her. 
                
                   I learned quickly in her class because of her lessons. If you don't pay attention in class, you will not pass. She is open to helping students. If you do not miss a single day in class and have an A, you don't have to take the final exam. 
                
                   Book is FREE online. She speaks in French from start to finish (regardless if you understand or not).VERY STRICT grading on written exams. Daily homework. Random extra credit but doesnt really help your grade because it goes into HW grade.  Attendance 10%, Homework 10%, [written] Exams 50%, [oral] Exam 5%, Project 10%, Final 15%
                
                   Dr. Morton assigned A LOT of busy work.  She forgets she isn't our only class and don't need pointless assignments.  She grades very hard.  She is kind to us and I worked hard and got an A.  She did allow some corrections to be made on tests. Also, she takes points off if you miss even ONE class no matter what reason.
                
                   Dr. Morton knows her stuff.  She expects you to know your stuff and to be professional.  There are a couple of big assignments that feel like busy work.  She does allow corrections, keep that in mind.  Lectures can be a little awkward.  Lots of reading.  Tests are not too bad, be prepared for essays.  Do the work, follow the rubric.
                
                   She doesn't grade things in a timely manner and loves group projects and many assignments in one timeframe. 
                
                   Didn't grade work in timely manner. Tough grader when she did actually get around to it. Grades based on online group projects are not fair or accurate of my learning ability. 
                
                   Amazing teacher! Loves his job! Will help you as long as you try!
                
                   I loved this class. There is assigned reading every night, but it was a literature class so duh. Most classes were group discussions. He is very patient and respects every idea. The essays are a little tricky but I got through it. I do recommend.
                
                   Great teacher, awesome class!
                
                   Rushed through the class and told students they were stupid for not getting the material. Poor interest in actually teaching the language.
                
                   she is just great
                